 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AB LINAS A
GRO GROUP
 
CONSOLIDA
TED ANNU
AL RE
PORT OF 
2022/2023 FINANCIAL YEAR
 
FOR PERIOD E
NDED JU
NE 30, 2023

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 
1 
1 
CONTENT  
 
 
 
 
1 
CEO‘S LETTER
 
2 
EXPLANATORY
 NOTES ON THE 
INFORMA
TION DISCLOSED
 IN THE REPORT
 
3 
THE COMPANY A
ND THE GROUP
 
4 
ACTIVITY AND FI
NANCIAL RESULT
S OF THE GROUP
 
5 
INVESTMENTS
 
6 
MAJOR EVENTS
 
7 
SCOPE OF RISK A
ND MANAGEM
ENT THEREOF
 
8 
STRATEGIC GOAL
S 
 
STRATEGIC GOAL
S 
9 
AUTHORIZED CA
PITAL AND S
HARES OF THE C
OMPANY
 
10
 
TRADE IN THE C
OMPANY’S SECURITI
ES IN REGULA
TED MARKETS
 
11
 
SHAREHOLDERS
 
12
 
PROCEDURE F
OR AMENDING T
HE COMPANY
’S ARTICLES OF 
ASSOCIATION
 
13
 
ESSENTIAL AGR
EEMENTS TO 
WHICH THE COMPA
NY IS A PART
Y 
14
 
CORPORATE G
OVERNANC
E 
15
 
SUBSIDIARIES 
OF THE COMPANY
 
16
 
EMPLOYEES
 
17
 
SOCIAL RESP
ONSIBILITY
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTACT PERSON 
 
 
Chief Financial Officer
 
MAŽVYDAS ŠILEIKA
 
 
 
Email m.sileika@linasagro.
lt 
 
 
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 
2 
2 
1.
 
CEO‘S LETTER
 
 
The 
financial 
y
ear 
t
hat 
ended 
wa
s 
full 
of 
 
challe
nges, 
th
e 
biggest 
 
of
 
 
which 
 
was
 
 
related 
 
to 
 
the 
 
fer
tilizer 
 
busi
ness. 
However, 
in a 
volatile 
and ra
pidly chang
ing envi
ronment, w
e 
have 
managed 
to 
ke
ep 
the 
Group's 
profi
tability 
in 
line 
wi
th, 
and at times even above, t
he historical five
-year average.
 
This year 
also shows 
we are 
on a 
good track 
to implem
ent 
investments and further
 grow shareholder value
. 
The divestment
 of the R
ussian and
 Belarusian 
businesses, 
started 
in 
spring 
of 
2
022 
an
d 
completed 
in 
the 
a
utumn 
of 
the 
 
same
 
 
year, 
 
has 
 
worsen
ed 
 
the 
 
perf
ormance 
 
of 
 
severa
l 
segments , l
imiting revenu
es and operat
ing profitability. 
This 
is a diffic
ult change 
that has 
required tough 
decisions, 
but it 
is inevitable. 
We  aim 
 
to
 
 
smooth  out  spikes 
 
in  financial  performance 
through  diversification
  and    increase  profi
t  margi
ns.  Our 
portfolio 
 
includes
 
 
four 
 
fundamentally 
 
differ
ent 
 
and 
complementary 
 
activities. 
 
We 
 
are 
 
farmers’ 
 
partner
s, 
agriculturists,  and 
 
f
ood 
 
and  feed 
 
producers.  All  of 
 
these
 
activities 
ar
e 
part
 
of 
the 
food 
chain. 
Historically, 
our 
olde
st 
activity 
is 
services 
to 
the 
far
mers. All 
the activit
ies tha
t ha
ve 
emerged 
subsequently have 
successf
ully 
com
plemented 
the 
value 
c
hain. 
 
In 
2013, 
we 
be
came 
n
ot 
only
 
an
 
agribusi
ness 
group 
 
but 
 
also 
 
a 
 
food 
 
industry 
 
group, 
 
and 
 
in 
 
t
he 
 
last 
 
two 
years, 
 
we 
 
have 
 
made 
 
substa
ntial 
 
progr
ess 
 
in 
 
t
he 
 
latter 
activity. 
 
We 
 
are 
 
confident 
 
that 
 
we 
 
h
ave 
 
made 
 
the 
 
right 
 
move
 
 
by
 
acquiring 
 
A
B 
 
Kauno 
 
Gr
ūdai 
 
and 
 
its
 
 
related
 
 
compa
nies 
 
in 
2021. 
This 
has 
brought 
us 
new 
activities 
and 
perspectives, 
as  well  as  several  changes  in  the  corporate  a
nd  Group 
structures. 
 
W
e 
 
have
 
 
been 
 
w
orking 
 
f
or 
 
two 
 
years 
 
to 
reorganize 
o
ur 
orga
nizational 
structure 
so 
that 
there 
are 
n
o 
overlapping 
 
activities 
 
and
 
 
functions.
 
 
We
 
 
are
 
 
reducing 
 
the 
number 
 
of 
 
non-operating
 
 
com
panies 
 
a
nd 
 
merging 
companies  with  similar  activities.  Since  the  b
eginning  of 
January, two differ
ent grain elevator n
etworks have becom
e 
one; its 
silos, warehouses, and grain i
ntake stations can hold 
595 
thousand 
tons 
of 
grain 
at 
a 
time.
 A
t 
the 
same 
time, 
we 
have  invested  in  speeding  up  grain  handling  and  drying
 
operations,  automati
ng  processes,  and  o
ptimizing  ener
gy 
costs.  
Throughout 
the 
report
ing 
period, 
we 
have 
been 
prepari
ng 
for 
a 
cha
nge 
i
n 
t
he 
str
ucture 
of 
th
e 
po
ultry 
b
usiness 
group 
so 
tha
t 
in
 
the 
financial 
year 
2023/2024, 
all
 
the
 
compani
es 
in 
Lithuania
 
and 
Latvia 
w
ould 
s
tart 
to 
operate 
together 
as
 
one 
compa
ny. 
Poultry 
busine
ss 
needs 
scale 
- 
it 
is 
the 
only 
way  to  withstand  the  price  pressure  from  Polish  poult
ry 
farms in
 the 
immediate
 vicinit
y and 
to 
operate 
profitably. 
 
At 
the 
same 
time, having 
a
 
single management 
structur
e 
allows 
us  to  be  more  flexible  and  to  offer  a  broader  range  of 
products 
to 
the 
mark
ets, 
to
 
fulfill 
large 
orders, 
 
to 
maintain 
uniform production standar
ds, and to expand
 the production 
of 
 
products 
 
that 
 
are 
 
exce
ptional 
 
or 
 
have 
 
a 
 
higher 
 
adde
d 
value, 
such
 
as 
an
tibiotic-free
 
poultry. 
We 
are 
t
he 
first 
in 
the 
Baltic 
 
Stat
es 
 
to 
 
label 
 
our 
 
chick
en 
 
"Raised
 
 
without 
antibiotics". 
 
We 
 
have 
 
been 
 
producing 
 
products 
 
from 
antibiotic-free 
br
oilers 
in 
Latv
ia 
for 
seve
ral 
years. 
In 
the 
two 
years s
ince we 
acquired 
the 
poultry 
compani
es in 
Lithuania
, 
we have increas
ed  the 
percentage of a
ntibiotic
-free poultry 
up to to 75%. This is an incredible result, as it took longer to 
improve 
the 
b
ird 
welfare 
in 
L
atvia. 
However,
 
the 
experience
 
of 
 
our 
 
colleagues 
 
in 
 
Latvia  has 
 
allowe
d 
 
us 
 
to 
 
acce
lerate 
similar 
 
c
hanges 
 
i
n 
 
Lithuan
ia. 
 
The  synergies 
 
between  the 
poultry 
 
p
roducers  in 
 
the  two 
 
coun
tries  have 
 
shown  their 
value, 
 
a
nd 
 
we
 
 
are 
 
pursuing
 
 
them 
 
in 
 
other
 
processes.
 
The 
merger 
of 
the 
companies 
is 
a complex 
process 
and 
has 
bee
n 
carried 
out 
gradual
ly, 
with 
part 
of 
t
he 
management 
struct
ures 
being merged in
 the last financial year,
 and the other
 part of 
the 
 
changes
 
 
being
 
 
implemented 
 
in 
 
the 
 
financial 
 
year
 
2023/2024. 
 
In 
 
the 
 
ne
w 
 
joint 
 
Lithuanian
-Latvian 
 
poultry 
farming 
 
strategy, 
 
we 
 
are
 
 
focusing 
 
on
 
 
ensu
ring 
 
the 
sustainability of our op
erations. 
In 
each 
business 
area, 
we 
se
arch 
for 
the "
diamonds" 
- 
the 
goods 
or 
services
 
that 
can 
generate 
t
he 
most 
adde
d 
value 
and  pro
fitability.  In 
 
the
 
 
prod
ucts 
 
a
nd 
 
s
ervices 
 
t
o 
 
farmers
 
business, 
 
suc
h 
a 
 
pr
oduct 
 
is 
 
the 
 
seeds 
 
brand
ed 
 
under 
 
t
he 
popular 
 
Dotnuva 
 
Seeds 
 
name. 
 
We 
 
see  th
e 
 
prospect 
 
of 
expanding 
 
their 
 
prod
uction, 
 
so 
 
we 
 
have 
 
s
eparated 
 
this
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 
3 
3 
activity 
 
from 
 
the 
 
com
pany 
 
Dotnuva 
 
Baltic
 
 
by 
 
establishing 
new 
compa
nies 
in 
Lithuania 
and 
Latvia. 
In 
2024, 
we wi
ll 
buil
d 
a 
 
new 
 
seed 
 
fact
ory 
 
in 
 
Latvi
a 
 
to
 
 
me
et 
 
t
he 
 
d
emand 
 
of 
 
t
he 
Latvian and Estonian marke
ts. 
 
At the same 
time, Dotnuva
 Baltic is 
strengthening its 
sales 
and servic
e activities
 for 
agricultural 
machinery 
and 
building 
new 
 
farmer 
 
service 
 
cen
ters 
 
in 
 
Šiauliai 
 
(Lithuania) 
 
and 
Jekabpils 
(Latvia), 
whic
h 
will 
be 
operational 
in 
the 
financi
al 
year 
 
2023/2024. 
 
 
 
In 
 
ad
dition, 
 
a 
 
se
parate 
 
company, 
 
UAB 
Dotnuva 
 
Ren
t, 
has 
 
been 
 
set 
 
up 
 
to 
 
develop 
 
l
ong-term 
 
and
 
short-term  rental 
 
services  for  agricultural
  machinery. 
 
We
 
have 
ambitious 
goals 
to 
become 
on
e 
of
 
the 
lea
ders 
i
n 
t
he 
agricultural 
 
ma
chinery  re
ntal  busi
ness  in 
 
a
ll  three 
 
Baltic 
States. 
Although 
 
extremely
 
 
efficie
nt, 
 
agricu
ltural 
 
co
mpanies  are 
constantly 
conf
ronted 
with 
the 
issue 
of 
storing 
and 
disp
osing 
of 
 
their 
 
organic 
 
waste, 
 
which 
 
is 
 
why 
 
we 
 
inves
t 
 
in 
 
biogas 
production. 
The 
farming 
c
ompany Šakiai 
District Lukšių 
ŽŪB 
plans to start 
up a biogas 
plant with 
biomethane purificati
on 
facilities 
in 
2
025 
and 
co
nnect 
it 
to 
t
he 
gas 
grid. 
W
e 
plan 
t
o 
produce 
over 
3.6 
mil
lion 
cubic 
meters 
of 
bi
ogas 
per 
year 
fro
m 
biodegradable 
 
wa
ste, 
 
mainl
y 
 
animal 
 
manure. 
 
A
t 
 
the 
 
sa
me 
time, 
we 
will 
deliver 
high-quality 
fertilizer 
as 
a
 
by
-product 
of 
production. 
We 
a
re 
also 
considering 
other 
alternative 
e
nergy 
projects. 
The high 
cost o
f energy 
resources ha
s hit 
our 
profitability i
n 
recent 
y
ears, 
and 
there 
is 
an 
economic 
ince
ntive 
to 
choose 
more 
sustainable solutions. 
During the 
2022/2
023 
fi
nancial 
year, 
we 
have
 
revi
sed 
our
 
inv
estment 
approva
l 
proc
edures, 
introducing 
new 
el
igibility 
cr
iteria 
for 
inves
tments. 
From 
th
e 
middle 
of 
the 
financial 
year 
onwards, 
we 
are 
assessing 
not 
only the
 product's v
iability an
d payback
 (economic 
aspects),
 
but 
al
so 
the potential 
impact 
o
n 
the environment 
a
nd 
society. 
We 
 
hav
e 
 
deci
ded 
 
t
hat 
 
all 
 
new 
 
industrial 
 
or 
 
a
dministrative 
buildings 
 
must 
 
use 
 
renewable 
 
energy 
 
sources 
 
- 
recuperators, heat pumps, 
solar panels, 
c
harging stations 
for 
electric cars, etc. 
Sustainable solutions will be 
applied first in 
new 
 
pr
oduction 
 
facilities, 
 
but 
 
gradually 
 
in 
 
older 
 
o
nes. 
 
We 
want 
 
our
 
 
emplo
yees 
 
to
 
 
actively
 
 
initiate 
 
the 
 
Group's 
sustainability 
 
projects, 
 
w
hich 
 
is 
 
w
hy 
 
we 
 
have 
 
t
he 
 
initiativ
e 
named 
 
‘F
our 
 
Hearts’ 
 
- 
 
co
vering 
 
environme
ntal, 
 
socia
l, 
economic and governanc
e changes.
 
 The 
 
firs
t 
 
facilit
y 
 
to  use 
 
renewabl
e 
 
energy  sources 
 
a
nd 
various 
energy-
savi
ng so
lutions 
is 
the 
Kauno 
Grūdai 
instant
 
noodles wareho
use in 
Kėdainiai, which o
pened in s
pring. All
 
other 
facilities 
under 
construction 
or 
planned 
will 
also 
have 
multiple energy-sa
ving solutions.
 
Similar 
 
solutions 
 
wil
l 
 
be 
 
implemented 
 
in 
 
the 
 
new 
 
i
nstant 
noodles factory 
planned to 
be built 
in 
Alytus (Lithuania), 
with 
an 
annual 
prod
uction 
capacity
 
of
 
240 
million 
uni
ts. 
Instant 
noodles 
are 
an 
export 
product 
with
 
a 
growing 
dem
and, 
and 
we pla
n 
to 
produce t
wice a
s 
much 
of 
them 
in 
2025, 
or 
505 
million 
units. 
A
t 
the 
same 
time, 
we 
wi
ll 
cr
eate 
almost
 
300
 
new jobs. 
Not  o
nly  for
  instant 
 
products 
 
bu
t  also 
 
for  brea
dcrumb 
mixes, 
the 
market 
demand 
is 
high
er 
t
han 
the 
supply. 
In 
th
e 
first half of 
the 2024/2025 financial year, we pl
an to launch 
a 
new 
breadcrumb 
plant 
in 
Kėdainiai 
(L
ithuania), 
which 
will 
increase our coating s
ystems production capacity 
by 125%.
 
Already 
after 
the 
end 
of 
t
he 
financial 
year,
 
we 
acquired 
a
 
modern 
ro
botic 
plant 
in 
Š
irvintos 
(
Lithuania), 
 
the 
cooperative 
company 
Grybai 
 
LT, 
 
wh
ich 
i
s 
active 
in 
the 
 
producti
on 
a
nd 
sale 
of 
ready-
to
-eat 
f
ood 
products 
and 
whose main 
prod
ucts 
are 
organic
 
soups, 
st
ews, 
cereal
-based 
dishes
 
and 
organ
ic 
canned 
 
vegetables
 
 
and 
 
pulses
 
 
in 
 
packets 
 
-
 
 
around 
 
7
0 
product 
names. 
W
e 
acq
uired 
the 
business 
w
ith 
the 
idea 
of
 
expanding 
production 
 
by 
3.7 
times 
i
n 
5
-6 
years, 
u
p 
to 
 
3
3 
million packets per year.
 
This 
acquisition 
broadens 
ou
r 
product 
range 
a
nd 
markets
 
and 
is 
one 
of 
t
he 
milestones 
in 
our 
strategy 
to 
exp
and 
our 
food production and agri
-processing busi
nesses. 
We have plenty of 
ideas - more than possible to implement 
at a 
time. I'm proud 
of our idea-rich 
and dedicated team - we 
have 
pe
ople 
in 
all 
our 
companies 
who 
focus 
their 
minds 
on 
the 
 
future:
 
 
thinking 
 
a
bout 
 
new 
 
th
ings 
 
we 
 
ca
n 
 
creat
e 
 
and 
bring 
to 
the 
ma
rket, 
how 
we
 
ca
n 
do 
it 
better,
 
ho
w 
we 
can 
improve  our  business  processes,  how  we 
 
can
  make 
 
our 
business more
 sustainable,
 or how 
we can 
improve t
he lives
 
of 
our neighborhood. Equally noteworthy 
are the 
people 
who 
collect and analyze the data, who help the Group to be more 
transparent 
 
a
nd 
 
t
o 
 
choose  the 
 
bes
t 
 
ways  and 
 
means  to 
improve sustainabilit
y. 
To 
 
make 
 
our 
 
shareholding
 
 
more 
 
attractiv
e, 
 
we 
 
hav
e 
adopted 
a 
dividend 
policy whereby 
we 
will 
a
llocate an 
annu
al 
dividend 
 
of
 
at 
 
least 
 
2
0% 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Gr
oup's 
 
c
onsolidated 
 
net
 
profit 
for the 
previous 
year. 
W
e 
believe 
that 
this
 
policy 
will 
not 
slow 
d
own 
o
ur 
furt
her 
gro
wth 
a
nd 
w
ill 
simul
taneously 
meet 
your expectations as share
holders for an annual retur
n.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sincerely, 
 
Darius Zubas, CEO
 
 
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 
4 
4 
 
 
 
 
OUR MISSION: 
 
 
UNLOCK THE 
 
POTENTIAL OF 
 
AGRICULTURE 
 
AND FOOD 
 
INDUSTRY.
 
 
 
 
OUR VISION 
–
 
 
NEW ERA OF 
 
SUSTAINABLE
 
AGRICULTURE 
 
AND NOURISHING
 
FOOD.
 
 
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 5 
 
5 
5 
2.
 
EXPLANATORY 
NOTES ON THE 
INFORMATION 
DISCLOSED IN THE 
REPORT 
 
 
The 
f
inancial 
year 
of
 
A
B 
Li
nas 
A
gro 
Gr
oup 
sta
rts 
on 
1 
July 
of the calendar year and 
ends on 30 June of the next year
.
 
This 
 
annual 
 
report 
 
is 
 
prepared 
 
for 
 
the 
 
financial 
 
ye
ar 
2022/23, 
and 
a
ll 
the 
figures
 
are 
stated 
as 
at 
30 
June 
20
23, 
unless otherwise indicat
ed.  
The 
 
co
mpany's 
 
a
uditor 
 
is 
 
KPMG 
 
Baltics, 
 
UAB 
 
(code 
111494971,  Lvivo 
 
St.
  101,  Vilnius,  L
ithuania).  During
  the 
period 
 
from 
 
1 
 
July
 
 
2022
 
 
to 
 
30 
 
June 
 
2023, 
 
the 
 
Gr
oup 
purchased 
 
audi
t 
 
services 
 
from 
 
an
 
 
audit 
 
c
ompany 
 
for 
 
an 
amount  of 
 
E
UR  
37
8 
 
th
ousand  and 
 
other  services  f
or  an 
amount of EUR 
27 thousand. 
AB 
L
inas 
Agro 
Group
 
is also 
referred 
to 
as 
the 
Company and 
its 
 
gr
oup 
 
of 
 
companies 
 
is 
 
r
eferred 
 
t
o 
 
as 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
in 
 
this 
report.
 
 
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 6 
 
6 
6 
3.
 
THE COMPANY AND 
THE GROUP 
 
AB 
 
L
inas 
 
Agro
 
 
Gro
up 
 
t
ogether 
 
with 
 
i
ts 
 
dir
ectly 
 
and 
 
ind
irectly 
controlled 
 
companies 
 
(hereinafter 
 
–
 
 
subsidiaries)
 
 
mak
es 
 
the
 
largest 
gr
oup 
of
 
agricult
ural 
and 
food 
pr
oduction 
co
mpanies 
in 
the
 
Baltic States, operating i
n the entir
e food production chain.
 
The 
s
ubsidiaries 
c
ontrolled 
by 
the 
Compan
y 
prod
uce, 
ha
ndle 
a
nd 
merchandise 
agricultural 
and food 
products, also 
provid
e 
pr
oducts 
and services for farmi
ng.  
The 
Company
 
performs 
only
 
the 
managemen
t 
function 
and
 
is 
not 
involved in any trading
 or production activities.
 
The 
Com
pany 
d
oes 
not 
hav
e 
any 
branch
es 
and 
represen
tative 
offices. 
 
Company name
 
AB Linas Agro Group
 
Legal form
 
Public company 
 
Date and place of reg
istration
 
27/11/1995 in Panevezy
s
 
Code of legal entity
 
148030011
 
LEI
 
529900UB9QON717IL0
30
 
VAT identification num
ber
 
LT480300113
 
Company registers
 
State Enterprise Centre
 of Registers (Valstybė
s 
įmonė Registrų centra
s)
 
Address
 
Subačiaus St. 5, LT
-
01302 Vilnius, Lithuania
 
Phone
 
+370 45 50 73 03
 
E-mail
 
group@linasagro.lt
 
Website
 
www.linasagrogroup.lt
 
Bank account
 
LT07 7044 0600 0263 711
1, AB SEB bank, bank 
code 70440
 
ISIN code
 
LT0000128092
 
Ticker in Nasdaq Vilni
us 
LNA1L 
Financial year starts
 
July 1 
 
 
As at June 30, 
2023, the Group cons
isted of: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOUNDED 
 
ANNUA
L  
REVENUE 
2.0  
BEUR 
 
1991
 
 
 
4,8
87
 
EMPLOYE
ES 
 
68
 
SUBSIDIAR
IES
 
2   
ASSOCIAT
ES
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 7 
 
7 
7 
A SIGNIFICAN
T PLAYER IN 
FOOD 
CHAIN IN THE 
REGION 
 
An 
int
ernational 
agribusiness and 
food pro
duction 
group, 
the 
largest of its kind in the 
Baltics.
 
 
One of 
t
he largest ex
porters of 
Lithuanian an
d 
Latvian grain. 
 
The largest poultry mea
t producer in Lithuania
 and Latvia
. 
 
A 
major 
milk 
producer 
in
 
Lithuania 
 
wi
th 
the
 
most 
efficient 
dairy farms. 
 
One of the leaders in 
supplyi
ng farmers with certified seeds,
 
fertilizers, 
plant 
ca
re 
products 
a
nd 
agr
icultural 
machinery 
in 
Lithuania. 
 
A leader in the production
 of instant foods in the 
Baltics.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
prepared/ 
sold seeds 
103 
kt
 
crop harvest 
27/30 
kt
 
15
 
kt
 
plant protection 
products 
2
83
 
kt
 
fertilizers 
96 
kt
 
poultry and its 
products sold 
3,264 
dairy cows 
59 
M
 
broilers raised
 
37.3 
kt
 
milk production
 
2.1 
million 
t
 
grain export 
266 
M units 
instant food 
9 
kt
 
pet food 
353 
kt
 
compound 
feed
 
47 
kt
 
flour and 
 flour mixes 
109
M€
 
agricultural and f
arming  
equipment sales 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 8 
 
8 
8 
THE GROUP'
S  
BUSINESS M
ODEL
 
 
The 
core 
products 
produced and 
marketed are 
grai
n, 
oilseed, 
compound  feed, 
 
feed
 
 
mater
ials 
 
an
d 
 
addi
tives, 
 
m
ilk,  poultry 
meat 
 
a
nd 
 
p
oultry 
 
products, 
 
flour 
 
and
 
 
flour 
 
products, 
 
instant 
food, 
pet
 
food, 
v
eterinary 
pharma
ceuticals, 
and 
goods 
to 
the 
farmers.  
The 
producti
on 
chain, 
 
w
hich 
extends 
 
fr
om 
the 
 
f
ield 
to 
 
t
he 
table, 
 
provides 
 
self-sufficiency 
 
in 
 
raw 
 
ma
terials, 
 
ensures 
process traceability and
 the quality of the products pro
duced. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Manufacturers of  
farming equipment 
Manufacturers of 
fertilizers and plant 
protection products 
Milk processing 
Meat processing 
Retail, Horeca, 
Wholesale 
Products for farming
 
Own farms 
Veterinary pharmacy 
and pest control 
Food retail 
Local farmers 
Service centers 
Seeds production 
Compound feed 
retail 
Poultry processing 
Elevators 
Flour and mixes 
Compound feed 
production 
Broiler farms 
Export 
Retail, Horeca, 
Wholesale 
Instant food 
production 
Pet food production 
Breadcrumbs and 
coating production 
Feed, sugar, salt, oil, cereal flakes, raw m
eat, seasonings, packaging 
Grain, oilseeds, feed 
Food products 
Agricultural production
 
Products and services for farming
 
Others 
External partners 
Movement of materials, goods and services 
within the group 
Sales of materials, goods and services outsi
de the group 
Supply of materials, goods and services fro
m outside the group
 
HARVEST 
VET PHARMACY AN
D PEST CON
TROL
 
SEEDS 
FEED 
GRAIN 
SEEDS 
FEED 
HARVEST 
GRAIN 
FLOUR 
FEED 
FEED 
RAW 
MEAT 
RAW MEAT 
POULTRY 
PRODUCTS 
PEST CONTROL A
ND DISINFECT
ION CON
TROLS 
POULTRY PRODUC
TS 
MATERIALS
 
BREADCRUMBS A
ND COATI
NG 
MATERIALS
 
POULTRY PRODUC
TS 
RAW MEAT
 
RAW MILK 
FEED
 
PRODUCTS FOR 
FARMING 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 9 
 
9 
9 
4.
 
ACTIVITY AND 
FINANCIAL RESULTS 
OF THE GROUP 
 
Consolidated 
revenue 
of 
A
B 
L
inas 
Agro Group 
in 2022/23 
financial 
year 
totaled 
EUR 
1,999 
million 
and 
was 
5% 
more 
as compared to previo
us year (EUR 1,896 mill
ion). 
The 
 
Group’s 
 
sales 
 
vo
lume 
 
reached  3
.66 
 
mi
llion 
 
tons 
 
o
f 
various  products  a
nd  was 
 
1%  l
ess  as  compared
  to  the 
corresponding 
period 
of 
the 
p
revious 
year 
(3.69 
mi
llion 
to
ns). 
The 
gross 
profit 
r
eached 
EUR 
 
138 
million 
and 
was 
27
% 
less as year before (EUR 
189 million).
 
 
 
The 
Group’s 
ope
rating 
profit 
wa
s 
EUR 
41 
million 
or 
60% 
less 
as 
compared 
t
o 
the 
re
spective 
p
eriod 
of 
the 
previ
ous 
year. 
Consolidated 
 
EBITDA 
 
amounted 
 
to 
 
EUR 
 
67 
 
m
illion 
 
a
nd 
was 49% 
lower 
as compared to 
the pre
vious year 
(EUR 132 
million)
. 
Prof
it 
before 
tax 
a
mounted 
t
o 
EUR 
2
6 
million 
and
 
was  72%  lower  as  compar
ed  to  EUR  91  million  in 
 
t
he 
previous year. 
The n
et pr
ofit 
was c
lose 
to 
EUR 
21 
million 
and 
decreased
 
by 73% y-o-
y.
 
 
 
EXPLANATION OF 
TERMS
 
 
EBITDA 
 
Equals operating profit before depreciation, amortization, and impairment loss
es.
 
Operating profit (EBIT)
 
Equals profit before net from investments and finance activities, and income tax. 
Earnings before taxes (EBT)
 
Equals profit before income tax. 
Profit margin of the period
 
Profit for the period expressed as a percentage of total revenue.  
Net financial debt 
 
Non
-current, current liabilities to financial institutions and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalent. 
Capital employed 
 
Shareholders’ equity plus non
-current and current liabilities to financial institutions. 
Current ratio 
 
Current assets divided by current liabilities. 
Debt to equity ratio
 
Non
-
current and current borrowings as a percentage of Shareholders’ equity.
 
Return on Equity (ROE), %
 
Net profit for the period as a percentage of average Shareholders’ equity for the period.
 
Return on capital employed 
(ROCE), %
 
Operating profit (EBIT) for the period expressed as a percentage of capital employed for the period. 
The value of the denominator is calculated as the sum of equity, long-term and short-term loans as well 
as leasing liabilities not related to right of use assets. 
Return on assets (ROA), %
 
Net profit for the period expressed as a percentage of total assets for the period. Calculated at th
e end 
of the financial year. 
Price earnings ratio (P/E)
 
Closing Company’s share price at Nasdaq Vilnius stock exchange
 at the end of 
reporti
ng period divide 
by rolling 12 months’ earnings per share.
 
Readily Marketable Inventories 
(RMI) 
Inventories to which f
ull unencumbered legal and 
beneficial title belongs to a member 
of the Group and 
are readily 
convertible into c
ash within 
less than 90 
calendar day
s on 
the basis that s
uch inventories are: 
(a) the subject of contracts traded on futures markets and/or price risk is covered by other forward sale 
and/or 
hedging 
transaction; 
(b) 
liquid 
and 
w
idely 
available 
in 
a 
range 
of 
markets 
due 
to 
ho
mogenous 
product characteristics a
nd international pricing; (c) such inventories a
re not held for processing and/or 
conversion 
into 
a 
more 
value
-added 
product; 
and 
(d)
 
liquidation 
of 
such 
inventories 
would 
not 
h
ave 
a 
material adverse effect on the particular business franchise. 
RMI adjusted Net financial debt 
Net financial debt after deducting 90% of Readily Marketable Inventories of the relevant period. 
 
 
 
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10
 
 
10
 
10
 
4.1. FINANCIAL INDI
CATORS
 
 
thousand EUR
, 
unless
 
state
d otherwise 
2018/19
 
2019/20
 
2020/21*
 
2021/22
 
2022/2023
 
Sales in tons 
2,529,711 
2,233,808 
3,155,329 
3,689,585 
3,
662, 093
 
Sales revenue 
742,542 
657,700 
942,442 
1,895,667 
1,999,617
 
Gross profit 
28,871 
45,664 
51,201 
188,859 
137,969
 
Gross profit margin, % 
3.89 
6.94 
5.43 
9.96 
6.90
 
EBITDA 
5,578 
25,923** 
33,401** 
132,173 
67,318
 
EBITDA margin, % 
0.75 
3.94 
3.54 
6.97 
3.37
 
EBITDA  
(Excluding the impact of IFRS 16) 
5,578 
23,860 
29,267 
127,113 
62,
578
 
EBITDA margin, % 
(Excluding the impact of IFRS 16) 
0.75 
3.63 
3.11 
6.71 
3,13
 
Operating profit 
(3,336) 
14,827 
19,467 
103,619 
41,
492
 
Operating profit margin, % 
(0.45) 
2.25 
2.07 
5.47 
2.07
 
Earnings before taxes EBT 
(6,430) 
11,931 
16,797 
90,841 
25,
760
 
Earnings before taxes margin, % 
(0.86) 
1.81 
1.78 
4.79 
1.29
 
Net profit (thousand EUR) 
(4,830) 
10,004 
14,189 
77,257 
20,
817
 
Net profit margin, % 
(0.65) 
1.52 
1.51 
4.08 
1.04
 
Readily Marketable Inventories (RMI) 
(thousand EUR) 
18,374 
13,735 
21,224 
26,798 
37,689
 
Current ratio 
1.26 
1.31 
1.44 
1.25 
1.27
 
Debt / Equity ratio 
1.30 
1.24 
1.15 
2.12 
1.99
 
Net financial debt / EBITDA 
25.54 
5.38 
3.23 
2.08 
4.68
 
RMI adjusted Net financial debt / EBITDA 
22.24 
4.85 
2.66 
1.90 
4.
18
 
Return on equity (ROE), % 
(2.84) 
5.52 
7.23 
27.60 
6.97
 
Return on capital employed (ROCE), % 
(1.04) 
4.77 
6.61 
18.97 
7.03
 
Return on assets (ROA), % 
(1.23) 
2.47 
3.37 
8.85 
2.33
 
Basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) 
 
 
 
(0.03) 
0.06 
0.09 
0.46 
0.16
 
Price earnings ratio (P/E)   
(20.83) 
9.37 
9.19 
2.48 
8.51
 
Dividends for the financial year paid per share, 
in euros 
- 
- 
- 
0.0312 
-
 
Dividends paid for the financial year to net 
profit of the period, % 
 
 
 
6.47 
-
 
* To ensure mor
e accurate represe
ntation of t
he activity, Co
mpany has rev
ised the metho
dology relocati
ng loss and/or gai
n fro
m currency e
xchange line it
ems to 
results of financ
ial activity in t
he in separate a
nd consolidate
d financial stat
ements, there
fore EBITDA, Ope
rating profit a
n
d related ratios wer
e adjusted for th
e 
comparative pe
riod 2021/2022
 
** Depreciation o
f biological as
sets (crops) s
old during the r
e
porting p
eriod and relate
d to the previo
us reporting pe
riod, amounti
ng to EUR 2,567 t
housand, is also 
excluded (EUR 2,22
9 thousa
nd for the pe
riod 2021/2022 a
nd EUR 2,1
86 thousand for th
e period 2020/
2021, the e
ffect of such d
ep
reciation w
as not significa
nt 
for the comparativ
e periods) 
Note: The EBITDA 
ratios were 
recalculated fo
r financial years 201
8 
–
 2021 based on 12 
months rolli
ng basis principle. 
 
 
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
 
 
11
 
11
 
COMPARISON OF
 PERFORMA
NCE 
OVER FIVE REPORTING PERIODS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.5
2.2
3.2
3.7
 
3.7
SALES VOLU
ME, MILLION T
 
743
658
942
1.896
2,000
REVENUE, MEUR
 
ASSETS, MEU
R 
391
405
421
873
894
EBITDA, MEUR
 
5.6
25.9
33.4
132.2
67.3

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12
 
 
12
 
12
 
4.2. OVERVIE
W 
 
 
The 
 
activity 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
companies 
 
within 
 
the 
 
lat
est 
quarters of
 the f
inancial year
 2022/202
3, were 
combinedly 
shaped 
 
by 
 
t
he 
 
outlook 
 
of 
 
the 
 
ma
terializing 
 
2023/2024 
GRAIN 
 
&  OILSEEDS 
 
harvest, 
 
as 
 
wel
l 
 
as 
 
dictat
ed 
 
by 
 
t
he 
closing 2022/2023 act
ualities.
 
 
 
2022/202
3 IN BRIEF
: 
 
▪
 
 
great 
 
w
heat 
 
production 
 
som
ewhat 
 
offs
et 
 
with 
 
lower
 
maize output resulted in slightly lower total world grain 
pr
oduction; 
 
war 
 
and 
 
food 
 
shortage 
 
fears, 
 
suppl
y 
limitations 
 
a
dditionally  fue
led  inflatio
nary  mo
ods,  to
 
some 
exte
nt 
suppressi
ng 
consump
tion; 
yet 
the 
opened 
Black 
sea 
“tra
nsport 
corr
idor”, 
ample 
supply 
of
 
rec
ord 
high 
 
R
ussian 
 
wheat, 
 
strong 
 
Australia’s
 
 
deliver
ie
s 
started 
taking 
off
 
the 
price 
pressure, 
e
nding 
the 
year
 
with 
 
material 
 
price 
 
c
ontractions 
 
compa
red 
 
to 
 
the 
beginning of the period;
 
 
▪
 
 
the 
oilseeds 
production
 
numbers 
were 
quite 
strong 
–
 
yet 
 
w
ith 
 
tensions 
 
i
n 
 
Eastern 
 
side
 
 
of 
 
the 
 
world, 
availability 
 
was 
 
the 
 
oth
er 
 
fa
ctor; 
 
stil
l, 
 
gradual
ly 
discovered 
 
routes, 
 
easing 
 
off 
 
war 
 
tensions,
 
accumulating 
 
stocks 
 
w
ere 
 
suppor
ting 
 
price
 
normalizations; 
 
▪
 
 
in Baltics
 consolidated 
grain a
nd oilseeds 
harvest wa
s 
exceeding 
 
the 
 
5-
year 
 
average 
 
harvest 
 
q
uantities 
approximately 
 
b
y 
10%, 
 
yet 
 
the 
 
q
uality 
suffered
 
a 
bit 
due 
 
to  t
he 
 
late  s
pring, 
 
lack 
 
of  sun, 
 
less 
 
intensive 
fertilization 
 
in 
 
farms, 
 
delivering 
 
low
er 
protein
 
content
 
and  test 
 
weight  grain;  rapeseed  quality 
 
was  at  the 
same 
 
time 
 
satisfying, 
 
with
 
 
higher-than-average
 
 
oil 
concentrations.
 
 
2023/202
4 OUTLOOK
: 
 
the 
 
world 
 
grai
n 
 
pr
oduction 
 
is 
 
expected 
 
to 
 
lan
d 
somewhere 
close 
to 
record 
ye
ar 
(2021/2022), 
delivering 
2,294 
 
million
 
 
tons 
 
harv
est 
 
compare
d 
 
to  2,266 
 
millio
n 
tons 
 
for 
 
2022/2023 
 
and 
 
2,296 
 
million 
 
tons 
 
f
or 
2021/2022; 
 
maize 
 
quanti
ties 
 
estimate 
 
is 
 
so
 
 
far 
materially 
 
offse
tting 
expected 
 
lower 
 
wh
eat 
 
and 
barley
 
production 
 
res
ults; 
 
outstan
ding 
 
Australia’s, 
 
Canada’s 
2022/2023 wh
eat prod
uction 
quantities
 are 
anticipated 
to
 
c
ontract
 
with the 
coming
 
h
arvest 
(lately 
dry 
weather 
in 
Western 
 
A
ustralia 
 
and 
 
across 
 
the 
 
Prairies
 
 
in 
 
Canada)
, 
while Russia might be
 delivering close 
to record high last 
year’s
 
 
volumes 
 
based 
 
on 
 
latest 
 
increases 
 
in 
 
grain 
production 
foreca
st
; 
doubts 
on 
the 
grai
n 
quality 
remain,
 
as 
wet 
weather 
during 
harvest 
in 
China 
and 
the 
EU 
 
imply 
potentially 
higher 
am
ounts 
o
f 
lower
-quality 
wheat 
used 
for 
feed; 
maiz
e 
yields 
on 
the 
contrar
y 
–
 
are
 
expected 
i
f 
not  to
  improv
e  further,
  then 
 
at  least 
 
to  restor
e  (US,
 
Europe Argentina, Brazi
l);  
▪
 
 
the 
 
wor
ld 
 
oilse
ed 
 
pr
oduction 
 
is
 
 
mea
nwhile 
 
aimi
ng 
 
for
 
an
other 
 
record, 
 
deliv
ering 
 
661
 
 
million 
 
tons 
 
harvest 
(compared 
to 
630
 
mil
lion 
to
ns 
for
 
2022/202
3), 
mainly
 
thanks 
to 
higher 
soybean 
pro
duction 
for 
South 
America
, 
higher 
 
sunf
lower 
 
seed 
 
for 
 
the 
 
Ukraine, 
 
Russia, 
 
though 
slightly 
 
deteriorated 
 
estimations 
 
for 
 
rapeseed 
 
due 
 
to 
droughts in Canada; 
 
 
▪
 
 
following 
 
t
he 
 
trends
 
 
of 
 
t
he 
 
2022/
2023, 
 
the
 
 
prices 
 
of 
commodities wer
e mainly d
ecreasing latest 
months, wit
h 
slight 
 
wheat 
 
and 
 
oilseeds 
 
upward 
 
reactions 
 
in 
July/August, 
 
de
spite  seaso
nal  pressure
 
 
-
  reacting 
 
to 
uncertainty 
over 
Ukra
ine’s 
exports 
after 
Russ
ia’s 
decision
 
on 
July 
17th, 
2023 
to 
withdraw 
from 
the 
safe 
“corridor” 
agreement, 
 
as 
 
well 
 
as
 
 
follow
ing 
 
a
ction 
 
damaging
 
Ukraine’s 
 
port 
 
infrastr
ucture. 
 
Yet 
 
it 
 
seems 
 
that 
 
l
onger 
non
-instantaneo
us 
 
effect 
 
on 
 
the 
 
prices 
 
shall 
 
n
ot 
 
be 
ex
pected, 
havi
ng 
in 
mind 
tha
t 
such
 
action 
was
 
to 
some
 
extent coun
ted in 
some 
time before, 
as we
ll as 
having in
 
mind 
that 
d
ue 
to
 
im
proved 
supplies 
of 
grain,
 
situat
ion 
is 
better 
com
pared 
to 
the 
months 
after 
the
 
war 
in
 
Ukraine
 
started; however
 another
 sensitive
 fact
or to 
 spring 
back 
inflation 
woul
d 
be 
realiza
tion 
of 
‘E
l 
Ninjo’ 
ph
enomenon, 
which 
 
based 
 
o
n 
 
early 
 
estimation 
 
co
uld 
 
be 
 
expected
 
second 
half 
of 
2023; 
scientists 
and 
analysts are 
caref
ully 
looking 
 
at 
 
weather 
 
foreca
sts, 
 
thoug
h 
 
if 
 
a
ssumed 
correctly, 
 
di
sruption 
 
of
 
 
crop 
 
cycles 
 
is
 
 
poten
tial, 
 
adding
 
further strain to global fo
od output and prices;
 
 
▪
 
 
with  prices  n
ormalized  -
  the  consu
mption  is  see
n  to 
restore 
compared 
t
o 
the 
2022/2023
 for
 
both 
grain 
and
 
oilseeds, expecting hig
hest input from feed ca
tegory;
 
 
▪
 
 
hence 
positive 
pr
oduction 
expectations 
and 
con
sumption 
outlook 
 
for
 
 
both 
 
–
 
 
world 
 
gra
in 
 
and 
 
oilseed 
 
categories
 
bring 
very 
different 
outcome
s 
o
n 
carry-ov
er 
stocks. 
The 
inventory 
level
 
of 
w
orld 
grain
 
(58
8 
million 
tons) 
is 
a
bout 
to 
land 
lo
west 
si
nce 
2014/2015, 
w
hile the 
25.
5% 
s
tock-
to
-use 
ratio 
–
 
lowes
t 
si
nce 
2012/2013, 
illustrating 
the
 
projections 
 
of 
 
consu
mption 
 
that 
 
excee
ds 
 
pr
oduction, 
contrasted 
with 
accumulat
ions 
in 
o
ilseeds 
stocks 
(
136 
million  tons), 
 
mainly  thanks
  to  mat
erially  hig
her  soya 
harvests in South Ameri
ca; 
▪
 
 
according  t
o  unofficial
  statements
  by 
 
Li
thuanian  a
nd 
Latvian 
 
grain
 
 
buyers
 
 
and 
 
exporters, 
 
the 
 
gra
in 
 
and
 
oilseeds harvest 
in the 
Balt
ics 
proved 
to 
be 
m
ore 
resilient 
than 
 
feare
d 
 
in 
 
the 
 
beg
inning 
 
of 
 
the 
 
summer 
 
2023,
 
despite  the 
 
unfavorable  weather  conditions  expecting
 
similar to 
av
erage 
quantities. The 
farm
ers who 
have been
 
following all 
agrotechnology programs, in most 
cases are
 

 Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13
 
 
13
 
13
 
receiving 
 
satisfying 
 
res
ults, 
 
especially 
 
for 
 
wi
nter 
 
cro
ps. 
 
Of 
course, 
some 
locat
ions 
w
ere 
more 
 
s
everely 
damaged 
with 
droughts, 
 
some 
 
als
o 
 
with 
 
heav
y 
 
rainstorms 
 
(especi
ally 
Latvia), therefore yields 
will vary. Putting aside 
the quantities
 
(based 
o
n 
preliminary
 
data 
of 
L
ithuania’s 
statistical 
office
 
–
 
harvest could be respec
tively 1% higher compared
 to the 5-
year 
averag
e), 
th
e 
bigger
 
issue 
shall 
be 
lower
 
than 
export 
standard 
gra
in 
quality, wh
ich 
i
s 
expected 
to 
challeng
e 
activi
ty 
of 
 
the 
 
trad
ers; 
 
on 
 
the 
 
positive 
 
not
e 
 
- 
 
oil 
 
concentrat
ion 
 
of 
rapeseed 
–
 seem
 to exceed the expectati
ons. 
 
In addition to GRAIN & OILS
EEDS market trends, which a
t 
higher  or 
 
lower  scale 
 
are  impacting 
 
majority  of 
 
Gr
oup’s 
activities, the actualities of other essential positi
ons, such as 
VEGETABLE 
OI
L, 
MILK, 
POULTRY,
 
ENERGY
 
prices 
–
 are covere
d below: 
 
▪
 
 
in 
the
 
v
egetable 
oil 
ca
tegories 
–
 
with 
cer
tain 
sho
rt-lived 
increases, 
overall
 pr
ices 
in 
the 
category
 w
ere 
illustrating 
the 
trends 
o
bserved 
under 
oilseeds 
section
 
(dow
nward 
direction); 
 
additionally, 
 
prices 
 
of 
 
palm 
 
oi
l 
 
reflected
 
prospects 
of 
subdued 
g
lobal 
import 
p
urchases, as 
well 
as 
seasonally rising outp
uts in leading
 producing countries;
 
 
▪
 
 
energy 
–
 
with 
from 
time 
to
 
time 
occurring 
vo
latility, 
thanks
 
to mild 
weather conditions, decreasing industries uptake, 
abundant 
 
L
NG 
 
supplies, 
 
s
tronger 
 
r
enewable 
 
power 
generation  pri
ces 
 
were 
 
la
tely 
 
fol
lowing 
 
the  downward 
direction 
 
- 
 
considering 
 
energy 
 
inflation 
 
more 
 
or 
 
l
ess 
contained; 
 
natural 
 
gas 
 
prices 
 
202
3-Sep 
 
were 
approximately 8
0% 
lower 
compared 
to 
va
lues 
a
 
year ago, 
supporting 
res
tored 
nitrogen 
fertilizer 
producti
on 
activity
 
an
d 
lowered prices, while for a 
while 
normalized crude oil 
prices rec
ently el
evated (yet 
still 
staying 
more t
han 20%
 
lower 
 
com
pared 
 
to 
 
2022 
 
peak
 
 
months
) 
 
 
 
wi
th 
 
 
 
supply
 
limiting efforts 
of OPEC 
countries, as well 
as latest (Sep-
2023) 
 
Russ
ia
’s 
 
announcem
ent 
 
on
 
 
temporarily 
 
banned
 
gasoline 
 
and 
 
diesel 
 
exports 
 
to
 
 
a
ll 
 
countries 
 
outsid
e 
 
a 
circle of four ex-S
oviet states
. 
 
 
▪
 
 
milk 
product 
prices 
continued 
on 
the 
same 
“price 
falling
 
moods”, 
influ
enced 
by 
abunda
nt 
supplies 
amid
 
seasonally 
rising 
production, 
together 
with 
a 
slowdown 
in 
the 
pace
 
of 
imp
orts 
by
 
China
 
a
s 
well
 
a
s 
overal
l 
subsi
ded 
mark
et 
activities 
 
in  Eu
rope 
 
du
ring 
 
the 
 
su
mmer 
 
holidays  a
nd 
muted 
 
interest 
 
in 
import 
 
dema
nd 
in 
the 
months 
 
ah
ead 
due 
to 
market 
uncertainty 
o
ver 
the 
future 
direc
tions 
of
 
prices; 
 
in 
 
L
ithuania 
 
raw 
 
milk 
 
prices 
 
were 
 
continuously 
falling 
 
since 
 
2022 
 
fall 
 
–
 
 
some 
 
stabi
lization 
 
in 
 
the
 
beginning 
of 
t
he 
spring 
2023 
was 
seen, 
yet
 
prices 
remain
 
low 
an
d 
c
hallenge 
fa
rmers’ 
r
esilience, 
still 
seeing 
i
nput 
costs  in  above  average  levels  (please
  refer  to  graph 
“Purchase prices for basic
 parameters milk in Lithuan
ia”
);
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
▪
 
 
average broiler 
carcass prices 
i
n 
Europe 
showed 
som
e 
stabilization, 
meanwh
ile 
prices 
of 
the 
mor
e 
expensive
 
chicken 
 
parts  c
ontinue 
 
being 
 
mor
e  v
olatile 
 
due  t
o 
higher 
 
ma
rgins 
 
i
nduced 
 
c
ompetition 
 
(please 
 
refer 
 
to 
the graph “
Fre
sh fillet price dy
namics in Poland
” below,
 
illustrating 
 
the  pr
ice 
 
of  the
  mo
st  pr
ofitable 
 
poultry 
product). 
 
 
 
Th
e 
 
com
petitive
 
 
e
nvironment 
 
in 
 
Euro
pe 
remains 
 
tense. 
 
D
espite 
 
lat
ely 
 
diminishe
d 
 
dom
estic 
overproduction 
 
in
 
 
Europe 
 
(projecte
d 
 
8% 
 
in 
 
2023
 
compared 
to 
14%
 
in 
2020), 
prices 
a
re 
sti
ll 
pres
sured 
due 
 
to 
 
v
ery 
 
strong 
 
import 
 
v
olumes. 
 
For
 
 
instance,
 
Ukraine's 
 
[among 
 
the 
 
TO
P10 
 
world 
 
poultry 
 
meat
 
exporters 
 
prior 
 
to 
 
the 
 
military 
 
actions] 
 
quantities
 
exported 
 
to 
 
Europe 
 
during 
 
2023 
 
Januar
y-Ju
ne
, 
compared 
to 
 
sam
e 
p
eriod 
 
last 
 
year, 
 
wer
e 
cl
ose 
to 
 
2
 
times 
higher, 
v
olumes 
fr
om 
South 
American 
countries
 
such 
as 
Brazil 
i
ncreased 
significa
ntly 
as 
w
ell, 
provoking
 
competition 
in 
the 
real
ization 
of
 
products 
produced 
a
t 
unequal costs. 
Additionall
y, pork pr
ices declined 
lately, 
limiting 
substitution 
and 
positive 
s
pill-over 
 
effects
 
on
 
poultry prices. 
 
 
▪
 
 
while 
 
the  pric
es 
 
of
  fo
od  a
nd 
 
energy
 
 
products  are
 
mostly 
m
oving 
in 
t
he 
dow
nward 
direction, 
the 
i
nfluence 
of 
the 
 
r
ising 
 
cos
t 
 
of 
 
borrowed 
 
ca
pital/financin
g
 
 
wa
s 
already 
felt 
in 
the 
reporting 
period; 
wit
h 
central 
bank
s 
actively 
 
pursu
ing 
 
the 
 
strategy 
 
of 
 
increas
ing 
 
interest
 
rates, 
not 
only 
the 
cost 
of 
investments 
by 
companies, 
but also the financing of
 working capital is grow
ing.
 
 
Figures as per lat
est data prov
ided by Internationa
l Grains Coun
cil 
(IGC)(
21
-Sep, 2023), United Stat
es Departme
nt of Agric
ulture (USDA) 
(
12
-Sep, 2023), Foo
d and Agricu
lture Organ
ization of the U
nited Nations 
(FAO) (8 Sep, 2023), 
Baltic statistic
al offices and 
unofficial stat
ements by
 
grain buyers and e
xporters
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14
 
 
14
 
 
THE WORLD 
 
TOTAL GRAIN 
 
PRODUCTIO
N
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Data: International Grains Council (IGC) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE WORLD 
 
TOTAL OILSE
EDS  
PRODUCTIO
N  
 
 
 
 
 
Data: United States Department  
of Agriculture (USDA) 
 
 
 
 
GRAIN AND 
 
RAPESEED 
 
HARVEST 
IN THE BALTI
C  
STATES
 
 
 
 
 
Data: Statistics Lithuania,  
Central Statistical Bureau of Latvia, 
Statistics Estonia 
 
 
 
 
 
421
507
554
598
663
650
623
616
602
600
599
588
300
350
400
450
500
550
600
650
700
1600
1700
1800
1900
2000
2100
2200
2300
2400
million tons
financial year
Carryover stock
s
Consumption
 (lhs)
Production (lhs
)
69
77
93
91
109
116
132
113
115
118
122
136
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
million tons
financial ye
ar
Carryover stock
s (rhs)
Consumption
Production
11 067
8 
309
11 796
13 
944
11 614
12 525
0
2 000
4 000
6 000
8 000
10 000
12 000
14 000
16 000
LT
 
LV
 
EE
 
LT
 
LV
 
EE
 
LT
 
LV
 
EE
 
LT
 
LV
 
EE
 
LT
 
LV
 
EE
 
LT
 
LV
 
EE
2017
 
2018
 
2019
 
2020
 
2021
 
F2022
thousand tons
Grain crops
 
Rapeseed
 
Total (grain 
crops & rapeseed)

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15
 
 
15
 
248
431
283
285
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
Projected values
DYNAMICS OF 
 
WORLD FOOD 
 
PRICES  
2021/2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Data: Food and Agriculture Organization  
of the United Nations 
 
WHEAT FUT
URES  
PRICE DYNA
MICS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* IQ 2023/2024 average of non-finite period  
1-Jul, 2023 to 29-Aug, 2023 
 
Data: Euronext
 
 
 
 
PURCHASE PRICES 
 
FOR BASIC
 
PARAMETER
S  
MILK IN  
LITHUANIA
 
 
 
 
Data: State Enterprise ‘Žemės Ūkio 
 
Informacijos ir Kaimo Verslo Centras‘
 
 
 
2022/03
; 
251,8
90
110
130
150
170
190
210
230
250
(base period price 
-
averages for the 
years 2014
-
2016)
World food price
 index
Cereals
Dairy
Meat
Oils
Sugar
178
181
187
212
378
237
150
200
250
300
350
400
I Q (Sep-Dec)
 
II Q (Dec-Mar)
III Q (Mar-May)
 
IV Q (May-Sep)
Milk of basic para
meters 
(fat content - 3.4%, 
 
protein content - 3.0%)
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16
 
 
16
 
  1,0
  1,5
  2,0
  2,5
  3,0
  3,5
  4,0
  4,5
  5,0
  5,5
  6,0
Fresh fillet meat price dynamics in P
oland*
Quarterly averages of weekly broiler carca
se price in EU
FRESH FILLET
 MEAT  
PRICE DYNA
MICS  
IN POLAND*
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Data: The Polish Ministry of Agriculture and  
Rural Development  
*Poland 
–
 one of the top poultry meat exporters,  
producing around 20% of EU poultry meat 
 
 
In 
the 
op
erations 
of 
d
ifferent 
segments
 
of 
the 
Gr
oup, 
volatility
 
in both 
food and non-food prices have 
a significant 
impact not 
only on incom
e generation, 
but also on 
management 
of costs. 
The 
 
mos
t 
 
significan
t 
 
direct 
 
impact 
 
of 
 
price 
 
changes
 
on 
 
the 
Group's 
 
segme
nts 
 
is 
 
ma
nifested 
 
i
n 
 
the 
 
activities 
 
of 
 
the
 
following categories:
 
 
BUSINESS 
 
SEGMENT
 
Activity category
 
PRIC
PRICES
 
 
Grain, oilseed, 
feedstuffs
 
Milk
 
Meat
 
Energetics
 
Industrial metals
 
Cost of 
borrowed  
capital 
GRAIN,  
OILSEEDS, 
 
FEED 
Grain storage and logi
stic services
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grain and oilseed tr
ading
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Feed business
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRODUCTS 
AND 
SERVICES 
 
FOR 
FARMING
 
Preparation of se
ed in own factory
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Supply of seeds, pl
ant care product
s, 
fertilizers to the f
armers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Supply of agricult
ural machinery, 
spare 
parts to the farmer
s, service and ren
t
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Software develop
ment
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Installation of gra
in cleaning, dryi
ng and 
storage facilitie
s and livestock f
arms
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AGRIGUL-
TURAL 
PRODUC-
TION 
Cultivation of cere
als, oilseed rape, s
ugar 
beet, other crops
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Production of mil
k and beef cattl
e farming
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOOD  
PRODUCTS
 
Poultry business
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Flour, instant foo
d products, bre
adcrumbs 
production
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OTHER 
Veterinary phar
macy products 
sales, pet 
food production, o
ther
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-
 
Significant impact
 
 
beginning of war 
action in U
kraine 
COVID-
19
 
EUR/kg
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17
 
 
17
 
4.3. PERFORMANC
E OF THE 
SEGMENTS
 
 
 
Activities of the Group are 
divided into five business 
Segments: 
 
 
▪
 
 
Grain, oilseeds, and f
eed; 
▪
 
 
Products and services f
or farming;
 
▪
 
 
Agricultural productio
n; 
▪
 
 
Food products; 
▪
 
 
Other activities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING P
ROFIT (LOSS)
 
BY SEGMEN
TS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* To ensure mo
re accurate 
represent
ation of the 
activity, Company has 
revised the m
ethodology
 
relocating 
loss 
and/o
r g
ain f
rom c
urrency 
e
xchang
e li
ne it
ems 
to 
results 
of 
financial 
activity in 
the 
in 
sepa
rate and consolidated financial statements, therefore Operating profits were 
adjust
ed for 
the comparative 
period 2021/2022
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
thousand euro
 
2018/2019
 
2019/2020
 
2020/2021
 
2021/2022*
 
2022/2023
 
Grain, Oilseeds, and
 Feed 
(8,640) 
6,225 
6,053 
51,266 
16,
199    
 
Products and Services f
or Farming
 
2,950 
3,555 
8,758 
45,319 
10,763     
Agricultural Production
 
3,230 
6,358 
11,433 
15,078 
12,515     
Food Products 
2,431
 
2,183 
(2,040) 
(1,790) 
7,931     
Other Activities
 
471 
- 
(75) 
(1,967) 
491    
Division into separate Segm
ents is dictated by 
different types of product
s and character of 
related activities; however,
 activities of the 
Segments are often interc
onnected.
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18
 
 
18
 
GRAIN, OILSEE
DS, 
AND FEED 
since 1991 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KEY FACTS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OPERATING 
COMPANIES
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CERTIFIKAT
ES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OWN TRA
DEMARKS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vitamins and mineral sup
plements
 
 
Compound feed ‘Provi
tac’
 
 
Feed   
SHARE OF 
REVENUE 
 
IN GROUP‘S 
PORTFOLIO
 
 
 
 
AB Linas Agro (Lithuania)
 
UAB Linas Agro Grūd
ų Centrai (Lithuania)
 
UAB Jungtinė Ekspedicija (Li
thuania)
 
AB Kauno Grūdai (Lithuan
ia)
 
UAB KG 
Mažmena (Lit
huania)
 
UAB Agro Logistic Servic
e (Lithuania)
 
SIA Linas Agro (La
tvia) 
SIA Linas Agro Graud
u Centrs (Latvia)
 
SIA KG Latvija (Latvia)
 
Linas Agro OÜ (Estonia)
 
LLC LINAS AGRO UKRAIN
E (Ukraine)
 
KG Polska Sp. zo.o. (Po
land) 
OOO KLM (Belarus)*
 
 
* Company for sale
 
61%
KEY SDGS 
 
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
Grain storage and logis
tic services 
 
Grain, oilseeds, feed mat
erials and feed additives trad
ing
 
Compound feed produc
tion and sales
 
Renting and operating 
of own or leased real estate
 
595
 
 
301
 
288
 
6 
12
 
the main export goods 
-Lithuanian and Latvia
n 
wheat 
ktons storage capacity (
535 ktons 
–
 silo
s, 60 
ktons 
–
 
on
-grou
nd intake stations) for various
 
grains and other agricultural
 commodities in 
Lithuania and Latvia
 
ktons storage capaci
ty at Lithuanian and Latvian
 
ports 
feed retail shops 
 
ktons of annual compoun
d feed production 
capacity in own factorie
s in Lithuania (Kaunas, 
Alytus) 
ktons of annual premixes
 production capacity i
n 
own factory in Lithua
nia (Kaunas)
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19
 
 
19
 
GRAIN STOR
AGE AND
 LOGISTI
C 
SERVICES 
 
 
Comparing 
the 
q
uantities 
of 
grain
 
accepted
 
by 
the 
Gr
oup 
companies 
 
with 
 
the 
same 
 
r
eporting 
 
period 
 
last 
 
year, 
 
23% 
decrease 
was 
recor
ded. 
Hig
h 
yield 
expectations 
before 
the 
2022  harvesting  have  not  translated  itself  into 
 
a  record 
harvest 
 
mainly 
 
due 
 
to
 
 
the 
 
domi
nant 
 
l
ower 
 
test 
 
weight 
measure 
(although 
still 
higher 
yields 
compar
ed 
to 
2021). 
The
 
reason 
 
for 
 
the 
 
lower 
 
amount 
 
of 
 
grain 
 
accepted 
 
by 
 
the 
elevators remaine
d the same 
- the 
purchase pric
e being no
t 
in 
 
line  with 
 
farmers’  expectations; 
 
however,
 
 
in
 
 
the 
 
f
ourth 
quarter 
of
 
th
e 
repo
rting 
p
eriod, 
even 
w
ith pri
ces 
continuously 
falling, 
 
deliveries 
 
(compared 
 
to 
 
the 
 
sec
ond 
 
and 
 
thi
rd 
quarters) 
became 
 
somewha
t 
mo
re 
active 
as 
farmers 
were 
preparing 
t
heir 
storage
s 
for
 
the 
r
eception 
of
 
the 
new 
harves
t.
 
Thanks to 
improving
 
servic
e 
ra
tes 
dur
ing the 
first quarter 
of 
th
e 
 
reporting 
 
period, 
 
as 
 
well 
 
as 
 
am
ended 
 
calculation 
methodology* 
- the
 
bas
is for
 income 
growth
 was cr
eated. 
In 
the financial
 year 
2022/2023, an
 increas
e in 
the income
 of 
all 
positions 
(
storage, 
cl
eaning, 
drying)
 
was 
record
ed 
(EUR 
10.4 
million 
compared 
to 
EU
R 
5.5 
million 
a 
year 
ago). 
This 
was 
also
 
influenced
 
by 
the 
poorer 
quality 
of
 
grain 
delivered 
by 
 
farmers
 
 
in 
 
the 
 
last 
 
quarter 
 
o
f 
 
the 
 
re
porting 
 
year,
 
accompanying 
infection, 
which 
mea
nt 
longer 
storage 
and 
a 
greater need for cleani
ng services. Thanks to
 the revis
ion of 
rates, 
 
incr
eased 
 
storage
 
 
capa
city 
 
in 
 
beginning 
 
of 
 
the 
financial 
 
y
ear, 
 
addit
ional 
stora
ge-cleaning 
 
earnings 
 
and
 
at 
the 
 
end 
 
of 
 
the 
 
year
 
 
in 
 
parallel 
 
decreasing 
 
costs 
 
(gas, 
electricity, 
other) 
- 
the 
overal
l 
prof
itability
 
of 
the 
financial 
ye
ar 
2022/2023 was rec
ord high. 
The 
transf
ormation 
of 
the 
ele
vator 
segment, 
started 
alread
y 
in 
the 
beginning 
of t
he 
2022, 
was
 com
pleted 
by 
the 
end 
of 
the 
 
reporting 
 
period,
 
 
re
ducing 
 
the 
 
numb
er 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Group'
s 
companies 
 
in 
 
th
e 
 
segment,
 
 
consolidati
ng 
 
operations 
 
in 
Lithuania, 
 
and 
 
successf
ully 
 
integrating 
 
t
he 
 
elevators 
 
of 
Kauno 
Grūdai. 
Also,
 
during 
the 
reporting 
perio
d, a
bout 
EUR 
0.5 
 
millio
n 
 
worth  
investme
nts
  in 
 
more 
 
adva
nced 
 
eleva
tor 
equipment, 
speeding
 up 
the 
loading, 
enhancing 
drying 
work 
flexibility, 
 
optimizing 
 
energy 
 
co
sts, 
 
automating 
 
part 
 
of 
 
t
he 
processes, were made.
 
 
Grain Storage 
and Logistic 
Services
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
5,533  
10,385  
88 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
1,840  
7,373  
301 
 
 
* 
At
 the b
eginning o
f the financial y
ear 2022/2023, 
the accounti
ng princip
les of income a
nd expenses o
f the elevato
r companies of the Group, connected by t
he 
acquisition transact
ion of AB Ka
uno Grūda
i were unifie
d with the othe
r elevator compa
nies of the Gro
up
.
 
 
 
878 
thousand tons 
 
of grain collected through
 
the elevator network: 
 
71% - wheat,  
13% - rapeseed, 
 
6%
 -
 
barley. 
This Segment includes 
handling of the grain for the
 export in elevators (cleani
ng, drying, storage, reloading)
 
and logistic services.
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20
 
 
20
 
GR
AIN AND OI
LSEED TR
ADING
Grain and 
oilseeds quantities sold by 
the 
Group companies 
within financial year 2022/2023 were 
similar to quantities a 
year 
 
a
go, 
 
80% 
 
of 
 
production 
 
was 
 
milling
 
 
wheat. 
 
Sales
 
revenue  meanwhile  grew  by 
 
12%,  illustrating  still  higher 
average 
price of 
product basket, 
compared 
the 
compounded
 
results  wi
thin  12
  months 
 
of  the
  previous
  financial
  year. 
However, it should be noted that higher average price of the 
product basket was mostly 
positively influenced by the 
sales 
at 
the 
beginning 
of th
e 
financial 
year, 
comp
ensating 
for 
t
he 
downward 
 
price 
 
correct
ions 
 
ob
served 
 
i
n 
 
the 
 
following 
quarters of 
the 
financial year 2022/2023 
(about 30%
 
lower 
price 
of 
wheat 
com
paring 
the 
prices 
at 
t
he 
beginning 
and 
end 
of 
the 
year). 
Suc
h 
decreases 
were 
mai
nly 
a
ffected 
by 
balancing 
tra
de 
flows 
- 
s
olid 
harvests 
almost 
everywhere 
i
n 
the 
world 
(
Australia, Brasil
, 
Russia, other), 
cr
eated 
conditions 
for 
Ukrainian 
export 
through
out 
within 
the 
reporting 
period 
still open Bl
ack Sea 
“corridor”, 
continuous trade of 
Uk
rainian 
corn 
and fodder 
wheat crossing 
the Ukrainian-P
olish 
border. 
With 
 
grain 
 
a
nd 
 
oilsee
ds 
 
pr
ices 
 
fall
ing, 
 
Gr
oup 
 
co
mpanies 
experienced 
 
significant 
 
pressure 
 
on 
 
overall 
 
profitabilit
y. 
Russia, offering substant
ially cheaper than European
 wheat, 
distorted 
the 
c
ompetition 
an
d 
remained 
th
e 
main 
play
er 
in 
the 
export 
of 
food
 
wheat; 
at 
the
 sa
me 
time, 
extra 
chal
lenge 
was the 
class of 
wheat 
purchased 
by the 
Group c
ompanies, 
which in 
most cases 
did not meet 
the st
andard wheat export 
quality 
 
and 
 
required 
 
improvement 
 
mixing 
 
with 
 
better 
parameters 
 
g
rain. 
 
Ensuri
ng 
 
perfo
rmance 
 
und
er 
 
the 
 
a
bove 
conditions 
meant
 sig
nificant 
premium 
cuts. 
Acc
ordingly, 
the
 
total 
 
profitability 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Gro
up 
 
companies 
 
in 
 
t
he 
 
reporti
ng 
period 
was 
19% 
low
er 
com
pared 
to 
the 
resu
lt 
of 
the
 
sam
e 
period previous financial
 year. 
It 
should 
be 
noted 
that, 
compared 
to 
the 
situation 
of
 
the 
previous financial year, 
due to the price fa
ctor, the activity of 
farmers 
was 
significantly 
lower 
and 
fe
wer 
pr
eliminary 
sales 
contracts 
were 
mad
e 
f
or 
the 
new 
2
023 
ha
rvest, 
making 
it
 
difficult 
t
o 
assess
 
the 
prosp
ects 
of 
the 
future
 
2023/2024 
financial 
year. Based 
on 
the 
informati
on 
available 
on 
the date 
of 
publicati
on 
of 
this 
r
eport, 
the 
amo
unt 
of
 
harvest 
due 
to 
weather  conditions 
 
a
nd  l
ess  fertilization  in 
 
Latvia
 
 
wi
ll  be 
lower, 
 
a
nd 
 
in 
 
Lit
huania 
 
-
 
 
similar 
 
to 
 
last
 
 
year,
 
 
h
owever, 
challenges in the quality 
of the harvest are again expect
ed.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Grain and Oilseed Tr
ading
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
663,410  
745,357  
12 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
20,708  
16,
675  
-
19 
 
During the reporting peri
od,  
the volume of traded grain
 
and oilseeds was
 
2.1
 
million tons.
 
’Grain’ 
m
eans 
wheat, 
barley, 
corn, 
a
nd 
som
e 
other 
types 
of 
grain. 
A
 
larg
e 
part 
of 
the 
activity 
i
n 
this 
Segment
 
consists of selling grai
n grown in Lithuania and Latvia. 
 
‘Oilseed’ means rapesee
d, sunflower, and flax s
eeds.
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
 
 
21
 
FEED BUSIN
ESS 
At 
the 
date 
of
 
the 
publication 
of 
this 
report 
(on 
which, 
the 
Russian 
 
and 
 
Belarusian 
 
premixes 
 
producing
 
 
co
mpanies 
have 
already 
b
een 
sold),
 
the 
activity 
solely 
is 
ca
rried 
out 
in 
own 
 
fa
ctories 
 
in 
 
Li
thuania 
 
(
annual 
 
production 
 
capacity 
 
of 
294 
 
thousand  tons 
 
of 
 
compou
nd 
 
f
eed 
 
and 
 
pr
emixes).  In
 
Lithuania, 
the 
 
r
etail 
 
trade 
 
of 
 
f
eed
 
 
is 
 
carried 
 
out 
 
throug
h 
a 
network 
 
of 
 
retail 
 
stores
 
managed 
 
by 
 
UAB
 
 
KG 
Mažmena, 
 
covering
 
approximately 
 
70
-80% 
of 
Lithuania’s 
feed 
r
etail 
market. 
Yet 
 
n
oting, 
 
that
 
the 
 
gradual 
 
organic
 
contraction 
 
of 
 
this 
market 
 
is 
 
f
elt 
 
fo
r 
 
t
he 
second 
 
year 
 
in 
 
a 
 
row 
 
illustra
ting 
 
fa
rms’ 
 
shrinking 
 
and 
 
t
he 
prevention of bird flu.
 
The 
d
emand 
for 
c
ombi
ned 
feed
 
remained 
high
 
during 
the
 
reporting 
 
period,
 
 
more 
 
and 
 
more 
 
clients
 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Grou
p 
companies 
 
in 
 
Lithuania, 
 
l
ivestock 
 
farms, 
 
chose 
 
to 
 
change 
their 
own 
fe
ed 
to 
factor
y 
produced 
f
eed. 
D
uring 
the
 
reporting 
period, 
the 
companies of 
the 
Group i
ncreased the 
number of 
production 
lines
 
by 
add
ing 
the 
line 
in 
Al
ytus 
to 
the
 
capacity 
of 
 
the  Kaunas 
 
factor
y. 
 
Des
pite 
 
increasing  efficiency 
 
a
nd 
growing 
production 
volumes,
 
the 
 
overall
 
profita
bility 
of
 
t
h
e 
compound 
 
feed 
 
ca
tegory 
 
was 
 
decreasing 
 
during 
 
the 
reporting period. This was i
nfluenced by the normalization of 
the 
deliver
ies 
of 
feed 
raw
 
ma
terials, 
the 
increase 
in 
su
pply 
and 
 
activ
e 
 
c
ompetition 
 
from 
 
Po
lish 
 
producers, 
 
pu
tting 
pressure 
on 
the 
prices. 
With Group 
co
mpanies 
still us
ing raw 
materials 
purchase
d 
in 
advance 
at
 
a 
relatively 
higher 
price, 
the 
decrease 
in 
the 
selling 
p
rice 
of 
production 
s
ignificantly 
affected the overall profi
tability of the category.
 
The 
slowi
ng 
fee
dstuff
 
consumption 
and
 
decreasing, yet 
still 
volatile 
 
prices 
 
trend 
 
was 
 
characterizing
 
 
to 
 
the 
 
re
porting 
period. 
Ov
er 
t
he 
firs
t 
half 
of 
th
e 
financial
 
y
ear 
normalizi
ng 
supply 
 
chain 
 
activ
ity, 
 
last 
 
qua
rter 
 
got 
 
complicated
 
 
due 
 
to 
logistical 
 
constrai
nts 
 
and
 
 
hampered 
 
tra
de 
 
through 
 
the
 
territory 
of 
Polan
d, 
as 
well 
a
s 
the 
trans
it 
blockade 
of
 
Bulgaria, 
Slovakia, 
 
Hun
gary, 
 
and
 
 
Romania. 
 
However, 
 
on
 
 
the 
 
day 
 
of
 
publication of 
this 
report, with 
indications of 
solid 
anticipated
 
harvest 
of 
oils
eeds 
in 
2023/
2024, 
not 
even 
the 
c
losing 
of 
the B
lack Sea 
transport 
"corr
idor" has 
caused
 much 
activity 
in 
 
the 
 
market. 
 
I
n 
 
financi
al 
 
year 
 
2022/2023 
 
Group
 
companies 
 
have 
 
sold 
 
similar 
 
to 
 
previo
us 
year’s 
 
production 
amounts, 
 
y
et 
 
recorded 
 
5% 
 
revenue 
 
decrease 
 
and 
 
2% 
deterioration in
 gross 
profit.
 During
 the re
porting perio
d, the 
trade 
 
of 
 
s
oybean 
 
meal 
 
and 
 
other 
 
raw 
 
material
s 
 
remained 
stable 
 
or 
 
even
 
 
incr
eased, 
 
while 
 
t
he 
 
tra
de 
 
vol
umes 
 
o
f 
vegetable oil and rapese
ed decreased significant
ly.
 
 
 
 
Compound feed, pr
emixes, feed 
material trade
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
513,938  
460,017  
-
10 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
47,793  
30,797  
-
36 
 
During the reporting peri
od 
841
 
thousand tons
 of 
compound feed, premixes
 
and feed materials were 
sold
.
 
This 
business
 
includes 
the 
p
roduction 
and 
sale 
of 
bulk 
 
and 
bagged 
fee
d 
for 
poultry, 
pigs,
 
cattle 
a
nd 
other 
animals, also feed materials
 and feed additives
 trading.
 
The products
 produced 
by th
e Group
 are com
pound feed 
for ma
turing breeders,
 laying 
hens, broi
lers, turkeys,
 
quails, 
wa
terfowl, 
ca
lves, 
dairy 
cows, 
lacta
ting 
c
ows, 
be
ef 
ca
ttle, 
piglets
 
and 
fattening 
pigs, 
h
orses, 
fi
sh, 
s
heep, 
goats, rabbits, as well as
 baits for fish.
 
Feed 
materia
ls 
means 
trade 
in
 
food 
by-
products 
(s
uch 
as 
su
nflower 
cak
e, 
sunflower
 
meal, 
rapeseed 
ca
ke, 
soybean meal, sugar
 beet pellets, etc.)
 and vegetable oils.
 
Feed additives means tra
de in feed additives such
 as licks, premixes, vitamins,
 amino acids, etc.
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22
 
 
22
 
During 
 
the 
 
repor
ting 
 
p
eriod 
 
the 
 
reve
nue 
 
of
 
 
t
he 
 
G
rain, 
Oilseeds 
 
and 
 
Feed 
 
segment 
 
increased
 
 
by 
 
3%
 
 
to 
 
EUR
 
 
1.2 
billion. 
O
perating 
re
sult 
amou
nted 
to 
EUR 
16.2 
million 
p
rofit 
a
s 
compared 
 
to 
 
EUR 
 
51.3 
 
mill
ion 
 
operating 
 
profit 
 
for 
 
the 
corresponding 
 
per
iod 
of 
 
the
 
previous 
 
year.
 
For 
 
2022/
2023 
financial 
year 
revenue 
 
of 
 
thi
s 
business
 
se
gment 
constituted 
61% and was in line
 with Group’s management e
stimation. 
 
 
 
COMPARISON OF
 PERFORMA
NCE 
OVER FIVE REPORTING PERIODS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.15
1.83
2.71
2.94
2.95
SALES VOLU
ME, MILLION T
 
513
419
680
1,183
1,216
SALES, MEUR
 
 
0
12.3
16.2
70.3
54.8
GROSS PROF
IT, MEUR 
-8,6
6.2
6.1
51.3
16.2
OPERATING PR
OFIT, MEUR
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23
 
 
23
 
REPRESEN
TED 
MANUFACTUR
E
RS / BR
ANDS 
 
Agricultural 
machinery, 
spare 
parts, 
grain 
cleaning, 
drying 
and storage facilities as well 
as livestock farms equipment 
–
 
‘Kverneland’, ‘Cimbria’, ‘Quicke’, ‘Case IH’, ‘Einbock’, ‘Bin’, 
‘Agrifac’, 
 
‘Siloking’, 
 
‘Shaffer’, 
 
‘Swimer’, 
 
‘Boumatic’, 
 
‘Arska
’, 
‘Mandam’, 
 
‘Agrisem’, 
 
‘M
acDon’, 
 
‘La
umetris’, 
 
‘Wielton’, 
‘Jeantil’, 
 
‘
Kongskilde’, 
 
‘Symaga
’, 
 
‘Pellon’, 
 
‘Roka’, 
 
‘Spinder’, 
‘CMP Impianti Srl’.
 
Adjustable undergroun
d drainage system ‘Ek
odrena’;
 
 Seeds, 
 
plant 
 
care
 
 
produc
ts, 
 
fertilizers 
 
–
 
 
‘Syng
enta’, 
‘Adama’, 
 
‘R
apool’, 
 
‘Yara’, 
 
‘Ekoplon’, 
 
‘Nova
gra’, 
 
‘Nando’,
 
‘Haifa’, ‘Daymsa’, ‘Agritechn
o’, other.
 
PRODUCTS AN
D 
SERVICES
 FOR  
FARMING 
since 1993 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KEY FACTS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ktons of cereals and puls
es seeds
-
tot
al 
annu
al c
apa
city 
of th
e se
ed 
prod
ucti
on 
plan
t
 
 
ktons
 st
ora
ge c
apa
city f
or w
areh
ousi
ng 
see
ds, f
ertiliz
ers
 and 
pla
nt c
are 
prod
ucts
 
 
sale
s out
let
s
 
 
servi
ce 
cent
ers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
185
 
16
 
13
 
AB Linas Agro (Lithuania)
 
UAB Dotnuva Baltic (Lith
uania) 
UAB Dotnuva Rent (Lith
uania) 
UAB GeoFace (Lithua
nia) 
UAB Linas Agro Grūd
ų Centrai (Lithuania)
 
SIA Linas Agro (La
tvia) 
SIA Dotnuva Baltic (Latvia
) 
SIA Linas Agro Graud
u Centrs (Latvia)
 
Linas Agro OŰ (Estonia)
 
AS Dotnuva Baltic (Esto
nia) 
OOO KLM (Belarus)*
 
 
* 
Company for sale 
 
 
30
 
CERTIFICATES
 
 
UAB 
 
Dotnuva 
 
Baltic, 
 
SIA 
 
Do
tnuva 
 
Baltic 
 
and 
 
AS 
Dotnuva 
 
Baltic
 
 
ha
ve 
 
joined 
 
the
 
 
Case 
 
IH 
 
i
nternational 
quality 
 
network 
 
Red 
 
Ex
cellence, 
 
which 
 
u
nites 
companies 
repres
enting 
the 
Case 
IH 
brand 
in 
Europe.
 
UAB Dotnuva Baltic 
has a 
certificat
e 
in preparation and 
trade 
of 
organic 
seeds 
i
ssued 
by 
the 
PE 
Ekoagr
os, 
as 
well 
 
as 
 
a 
 
qualificati
on 
 
c
ertificate 
 
entitling 
 
to 
 
be 
 
a 
contractor for the constr
uction of specia
l structures.
 
 
SHARE OF 
REVENUE 
 
IN GROUP‘S 
PORTFOLIO
 
 
 
 
OPERATING 
COMPANI
ES 
KEY SDG
S
 
 
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
21%
Preparation of seed in
 own seed preparation factory
 
Supply of seeds, plant
 care products, fertilizers 
to the farmers
 
Supply of new and us
ed agricultural machinery, 
spare parts, 
and service to the farmers
 
Installation of grain cleani
ng, drying and storage faciliti
es as 
well as livestock farms
 
Software development
 
Representation of worldwi
de known brands
 
 
OWN TRADE
MARKS 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24
 
 
24
 
PREPARATIO
N OF S
EED IN OWN 
SEED PR
EPARATION F
ACTORY
Despite 
 
late 
 
2022
 
 
harves
ting, 
 
compa
ratively 
 
small 
 
20
21 
harvest 
residues 
for 
the 
prepara
tion 
of 
seed
s 
("tra
nsitional 
fund") 
as 
we
ll 
as
 
in the 
begin
ning 
of
 
the financial 
year limited 
operation 
 
of
 
 
seed 
 
c
ertification 
 
laboratory, 
 
thanks 
 
t
o 
successful last 
quar
ter 
a
ctivity, increasing 
ma
rket 
of 
certified 
seeds 
 
and 
 
gains 
 
with 
 
summer 
 
crop 
 
s
eeding, 
 
the 
 
result 
 
of 
total 
reporting 
period 
e
nded 
up 
b
eing 
1
2% 
increase 
in 
heav
y 
seeds 
produc
tion, 
compared 
t
o 
the 
corres
ponding 
period 
la
st 
year. 
UA
B 
Dotnuva 
Baltic 
c
ertified 
s
eed 
volumes 
in 
Lith
uania 
account 
f
or 
approxi
mately 
o
ne 
third 
of 
a
ll 
seeds 
certified 
in 
the 
 
country, 
 
placin
g 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
compa
nies 
 
in 
 
a 
 
leadin
g 
position. 
During 
 
t
he 
 
rep
orting 
 
pe
riod, 
 
the 
 
quant
ities 
 
of 
 
grass 
 
and 
sidereal 
 
plan
t 
 
se
eds 
categor
y 
continue
d 
 
to 
 
have 
 
relatively 
modest weight in the struct
ure of the seed portfo
lio. 
SUPPLY OF
 SEEDS, PL
ANT 
CARE PRODU
CTS, AN
D FERTILIZERS 
TO THE FARM
ERS
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
During the reporting period demand fluctuations for quality 
seeds
 
 
were 
 
felt, 
 
in 
 
Latvia
 
 
req
uirement 
 
wa
s 
 
decreasing
 
 
a
s 
farmers 
 
ca
lculated 
 
the 
 
incr
eased 
 
co
sts 
 
an
d 
 
decreasin
g 
income 
due 
to 
falli
ng 
grain 
prices, 
in 
Es
tonia 
at 
the 
same 
time 
a 
high 
demand 
for 
sidereal 
plant 
seeds 
was 
noticed. 
Over 
the
 
reporting 
 
period 
 
due
 
to 
 
time-
to
-time
 
 
insuff
icient 
 
su
pply 
 
or 
varying 
demand 
tendencies, 
the 
amount 
of 
seeds 
sol
d 
was 
lower. 
Howev
er 
gross 
 
prof
itability 
of 
 
s
eeds 
merchandisi
ng 
remained at a similar to 
previous year’s level.
 
In 
 
the 
 
second 
 
half 
 
of 
 
the
 
 
2022/2023 
 
financial 
 
year, 
fertilizer
 
trade 
rema
ined 
ver
y 
dynamic, 
it 
ca
n 
be 
noted 
that 
during the 
12 months
 of the 
reporting per
iod, it manag
ed to
 
act in two opposite directions - in the first half: from the lack 
of raw materials, the closing
 of factories, the increas
e in gas 
prices 
and, 
as 
a 
result, 
the 
increase
 
in fertilizer 
prices, - 
in the 
second 
 
half: 
 
until 
 
the 
 
drop 
 
in 
 
gas 
 
prices, 
 
the 
 
recovery 
 
of 
production 
 
and 
 
respectively
 
 
the 
 
significa
nt 
 
decrease 
 
i
n 
fertilizer 
prices. 
When 
comparing 
fe
rtilizer 
prices 
in 
the 
first
 
and 
second 
half 
of 
2022/2023,
 
up 
to 
60% 
reachin
g 
price 
contraction was 
recorded. In 
t
he th
ird 
quarter of 
the 
financial
 
year 
 
2023/2024, 
 
with 
 
fertiliz
ers 
 
se
lling 
 
pr
ices 
 
falling 
significantly, farmers were in no hurry to 
buy large quantities 
Over the reporting perio
d, the own seed 
preparation factory of UA
B Dotnuva Baltic 
(Dotnuva, Kedainiai distr.)
 prepared 
 
24.6
 
thousand tons
 of the certified 
 
‘Dotnuva Seeds’ cerea
ls and pulses seeds, 
 
being 12% more than i
n previous y
ear.  
During the reporting peri
od Group companies sol
d:
 
30
 
 
thousand tons of seeds (23% less 
than in 
the previous year), 
 
283
 
thousand tons
 of fertilizers (
10
%
 less than 
in the previous year),
 
15
 
 
thousand tons of plant care produc
ts and 
micronutrients (
17
% more tha
n in the previous year). 
 
Since 
2023 
June 
30 
the
 
se
ed 
preparation 
activities 
of
 
U
AB 
"Dotnuva 
Baltic" 
are 
sepa
rated 
and 
transferred
 
t
o 
the 
newly esta
blished 
compan
y UAB 
"Dotnuva
 Seeds"
. The c
ompany 
will co
ntinue 
the pro
duction of
 certified
 heavy 
seeds 
at the compa
ny's factor
y in Dotnuv
a (Kėdainiai d
istrict) under its
 own "Dotnuva
 Seeds" bra
nd, as well a
s sales of
 grass 
and sidereal plant s
eeds. 
The ma
jority of
 seed 
supply 
carried 
out 
by th
e Grou
p's co
mpanies 
is ens
ured thro
ugh the 
sourcing
 from 
UAB 
Dotnuva Ba
ltic s
eed factory, 
where 
cereals, 
pulses, 
grass 
and 
sidereal p
lants se
eds gro
wn on 
Lithuanian 
farms 
are  prepar
ed;  a  smal
ler  proportion 
 
is  marketed  by
  purchasing  s
eeds  directly
  from  seed  s
electors  or
  by 
representing 
the 
goods 
of 
w
ell-known 
international 
 
bran
ds, 
producing
 
vegeta
bles, 
fl
owers 
an
d 
oth
er 
type 
 
of 
seeds. Seed supply activit
y is carried out by the Group
 com
panies in the Baltic Stat
es, as well as in Belarus.
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25
 
 
25
 
in 
advance, 
waiting 
for 
even 
"better" 
q
uotation
s; 
with 
prices 
stabilizing 
 
in 
 
the 
 
fourth 
 
quar
ter 
 
(more 
 
favorable 
 
grain 
 
and
 
fertilizer 
 
pr
ice 
 
propo
rtion 
 
fr
om 
 
client’s
 
 
perspective),
 
 
th
e 
purchase 
 
of 
 
f
ertilizers 
 
recov
ered 
 
a
 
 
little. 
 
C
ompared 
 
t
o 
 
the
 
same reporti
ng period 
a year 
ago, the 
fertilizer t
rade volum
e
 
of 
Group 
c
ompanies 
d
ecreased 
by 
10%, 
reve
nue 
grew 
by 
8%,  illustrating  still  re
latively  high  average  p
rices  of  the 
period. 
H
owever, 
due 
to 
the 
"lagging" 
more 
e
xpensive 
s
tocks 
cost 
 
ef
fect 
 
(high
er 
 
relative 
 
weight 
 
of 
 
th
e 
 
latter), 
 
the 
 
total 
category’s 
profitab
ility of 
the en
tire 
r
eporting 
period 
bounced 
to its record lows.
 
Late sp
ring, s
ummer 
droughts, u
nexpected 
frosts 
in La
tvia 
in 
June, 
as 
well 
as 
the 
decreasing
 
price
 
of 
the 
future 
harvest, 
led 
to 
the 
p
ostponement 
of 
the 
farmers' 
decisi
on 
to 
purchase
 
micronut
rients 
and 
 
plant 
care 
 
pr
oducts
; 
in 
the 
abs
ence 
of 
supply 
 
shortages, 
 
there 
 
has 
 
been 
 
a 
 
tendency 
 
to
 
 
seek
 
express d
elivery on
ly for 
the 
quantity and
 assortmen
t that 
is 
truly 
nec
essary 
and 
will 
be 
consumed 
shortly. 
However, 
the 
successful start of the financia
l year 2022/2023, as well as 
the 
 
searc
h 
 
for
 
 
ch
eaper 
 
a
lternatives 
 
to 
 
fertilizers, 
 
the 
introduction 
 
of 
 
new 
 
products 
 
(for 
 
example, 
 
sustainab
le 
solutions intended for nit
rogen fixation in plan
ts), resulted in 
over 
 
re
porting 
 
per
iod 
 
increa
sed 
 
micro
nutrients, 
 
plan
t 
 
care 
products 
sale
s 
volumes
 
and 
values 
(resp
ectively 
17% 
and 
2% 
higher 
than 
t
he 
result 
of 
the 
corre
sponding 
period 
la
st 
year). Profitability
 remained at a si
milar level, however,
 when 
projecting 
 
the 
 
resu
lts 
 
of
 
 
t
he 
 
fut
ure 
 
periods 
 
- 
 
pressure
 
 
o
n 
margins can 
be expected 
–
 with 
decreasing mineral fertilizer 
prices, 
 
the 
 
dema
nd 
 
for 
 
this 
 
category 
 
of 
 
goods 
 
is
 
 
l
ikely 
 
t
o 
decrease, 
 
also 
 
du
e 
 
to 
 
lower 
 
consum
ption 
 
throughout 
 
th
e 
financial 
 
year 
 
20
22/2023 
 
the 
 
accumulat
ed 
 
plant 
 
care
 
products 
stocks 
in 
the 
ma
rket 
(in 
the 
op
inion 
of 
the 
Gro
up 
management - up
 to 30%) shall fuel the competi
tion.  
 
 
 
SUPPLY OF
 NEW AND U
SED 
AGRICULTUR
AL MACH
INERY,  
SPARE PAR
TS, SERVICE 
AND 
RENT TO T
HE FARMER
S 
As 
every 
year, 
sales 
of 
agricultural 
ma
chinery 
wer
e 
mainly
 
affected 
by 
 
harves
t 
re
sults, 
 
new 
 
sowing
 
expectations, 
 
ra
w 
material 
and
 
production 
purchase 
prices, 
the
 
availability 
o
f 
support 
 
and 
 
financing, 
 
ye
t 
 
a
dditionally 
 
th
is 
 
year 
 
–
 
 
a
lso 
continuously 
 
affected 
 
by 
 
uncertainty 
 
com
ing 
 
fro
m 
geopolitical situation. 
 
During 
the 
rep
orting 
period, 
the
 a
mounts 
of 
EU 
sup
port 
in 
Lithuania 
and
 
Latvia 
 
were 
 
q
uite 
 
significan
t. 
Thanks 
 
t
o 
the 
specific 
 
orientation 
 
of 
 
the 
 
supp
ort 
 
funds 
 
allocation,
 
 
the 
growing 
 
precision 
 
technologies 
 
demand, 
 
sales 
 
of 
 
self
-
propelled 
 
and 
 
tra
iled 
 
spray
ers, 
 
fer
tilization 
 
and 
 
spraying 
technologies 
 
for 
 
th
e 
 
cr
op 
 
farms, 
 
as 
 
well 
 
as
 
 
trail
ed 
 
fo
dder 
distributors, and 
other trailed equipment for 
dairy 
farms have 
increased.  
At  the  begin
ning  of  the  r
eporting  period,  a
n  optimistic
 
assessment 
 
of 
 
better 
 
than 
a
verage 
harves
t 
 
of
 
2022, 
high 
grain 
and r
ecord 
milk 
prices, 
the 
continuing 
rise 
in 
the 
price
 
of 
 
equipment 
 
and 
 
the 
 
desire 
 
to 
 
employ 
 
funds 
 
in 
 
an 
inflationary 
 
environment  - 
 
a
cted 
 
as
 
 
a
 
 
strong  incentive 
 
to 
invest. 
However, 
 
in 
 
th
e 
second 
half 
 
of 
 
the 
financial 
 
year 
 
-
 
canceled 
 
E
U 
 
support 
 
funds
 
 
for 
 
the  purchase 
 
of 
 
tractors, 
harvesters,  plows  in  the  Baltic  countries,  downward  milk 
price 
 
tend
encies, 
 
for
 
 
some 
 
time 
 
incr
eased 
 
farm
 
 
cost
s 
(fertilizers,  fee
d,  fuel, 
 
electricity,  spa
re  parts), 
 
a
s  well 
 
as 
worries 
 
a
bout 
 
the 
 
requirements 
 
of 
 
t
he 
 
‘gr
een 
 
deal’,
 
 
risin
g 
financing costs, 
and in 
the last 
quarter additionally - fear of a
 
cold 
s
pring, 
dr
y 
weat
her, 
non
-rebounding grain 
prices - 
led to 
more carefully taken i
nvestment decisions.
 
Trade in seeds, pl
ant care produc
ts and fertiliz
ers  
 
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
289,694  
307,572 
6 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
56,633  
19,377  
-66 
UAB Dotnuva Baltic‘s mark
et share:
 
For tractors (western type)
 
–
 1
1%
 
For harvesters -
 
5%
 
 
 
SIA Dotnuva Baltic‘s ma
rket share:
 
For tractors (western type)
 - 
11
%
 
For harvesters 
-
 
26
%
 
 
AS Dotnuva Baltic‘s ma
rket share:
 
For tractors (western type)
 - 
5
%
 
For harvesters 
-
 4%
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26
 
 
26
 
Even 
 
though 
 
while 
 
a
ssessing 
 
results 
 
of 
 
f
inancial 
 
year 
2022/2023, 
 
s
uch 
 
caution
 
 
was 
 
only 
 
marginall
y 
 
noticea
ble 
due 
to st
rong results 
in 
the beginning 
of 
the 
reporting period 
(20% 
 
higher 
 
sales 
 
revenue
 
 
and 
 
12
% 
 
higher 
 
gross 
 
pro
fit 
compared 
 
to 
 
the 
 
period 
 
a 
 
year 
 
ago), 
 
a 
 
more 
 
moderate 
investment mood is expected
 to move into the next financial 
year 
 
and 
 
possibly 
 
lead 
 
to 
 
increase
d 
 
competition 
 
in 
 
th
e 
agricultural machinery
 market. Group compan
ies reduce the
 
risk 
of 
such 
competition by 
pr
oviding 
the 
best 
quality se
rvice,
 
ensuring the poss
ibility to return part of
 the ordered parts 
to 
suppliers 
after 
t
he 
s
eason, 
as 
w
ell 
as
 
d
eveloping 
long
-term 
and 
 
s
hort-term 
 
machinery
 
 
rental 
 
activ
ities, 
 
which 
 
a
re 
expected 
 
to 
 
be  popular 
 
with 
 
fa
rmers 
 
w
ho 
 
have  de
ferred
 
investments.  
 
 
 
SOFTWARE D
EVELOP
MENT 
 
After several years of continuous software development, in 
the 
last 
q
uarter 
of 
th
e 
reporting
 
period, 
the
 
Geoface 
sma
rt 
farming app started 
generating first sales to 
external  
 
customers 
 
(until 
 
then, 
 
the 
 
service 
 
was 
 
pr
ovided 
 
free 
 
of 
charge). 
 
 
INSTALLATIO
N OF GRAI
N 
CLEANING, DR
YING AND
 
STORAGE FA
CILITIES, 
AND 
LIVESTOCK
 FARMS 
 
As 
 
farms 
 
make 
 
decisio
ns 
 
to 
 
invest 
 
in 
 
grain 
 
and 
 
farm
 
equipment 
installation 
projects, 
for 
the 
most 
pa
rt, 
the 
same 
arguments 
 
we
re 
 
used
 
 
as 
 
when 
 
deciding 
 
t
o 
 
invest 
 
i
n 
agricultural 
machinery. 
 
Wi
th 
purchase 
pr
ices 
of raw 
milk and 
grain 
falling, 
a 
co
nsiderable 
n
umber 
of 
fa
rms 
slowed 
do
wn 
or gave 
up 
investments, 
others 
- 
on 
the c
ontrary, 
decided 
to 
invest 
preci
sely 
in 
order 
to
 
become 
more 
resilient
 
- 
to 
work 
more 
 
efficiently 
 
at 
 
lower
 
 
costs. 
 
Compared 
 
to 
 
the 
 
same 
reporting 
period 
a 
yea
r a
go, 
the 
revenue 
and
 gro
ss 
pr
ofit 
of 
the 
 
category 
 
decrea
sed, 
 
though 
 
farmers 
 
wer
e 
 
actively 
applying for support, expecting more 
significant investments
 
for 
 
the 
 
2024
 
 
harvest, 
 
including 
 
c
onstruction 
 
inves
tments, 
which 
 
might 
 
b
e 
 
applicable 
 
fo
r 
 
support 
 
wi
th 
 
t
he 
 
new 
application phases.
 
 
 
 
Sales and rent of 
new and used agr
icultural 
machinery,  
spare parts sales, 
and servicing  
 
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
81,974  
98,170  
20 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
9,644  
14,
656  
12
 
The 
start-
up 
GeoFa
ce 
initiated 
the 
launch 
of 
t
he 
intelligent 
farming 
system 
‘Ge
oFace’ 
in 
Lithuania 
an
d La
tvia 
in January 
2021 and over 
more than 
a year has 
improved it a
s per farm
ers' requests. The p
roduct curre
ntly has 
the f
ollowing 
main f
unctions: 
crop 
fertilization
 and 
spray
 ma
pping,
 f
ield gro
uping 
function,
 sowi
ng p
lanning a
nd 
sowing 
task 
str
ucturing, 
work 
calenda
r 
function, 
ma
nagement 
of 
farm’s 
finances, 
formin
g 
an 
electro
nic 
invoice 
template and 
preparing for 
the 
sales process, forecasting of 
th
e 
harvest, forecasting of 
st
ocks 
in the 
warehouse, 
direct declaration of used pla
nt protection products, easy upload of the 
soil anal
ysis data, sharing of information 
among farm employees,
 application subscription
 fee payment function, etc.
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27
 
 
27
 
 
 
Total 
operating 
Segm
ent 
rev
enue 
gr
ew 
by
 
8% 
to 
E
UR 
416 
million; operating 
profit was 76% lower 
and 
amounted
 
to EUR 
11 million. 
 
For 
 
2022/2023 
 
fi
nancial 
 
year 
 
r
evenue 
 
of 
 
th
is 
 
b
usiness 
segment 
 
c
onstituted 
 
21% 
 
and 
 
was 
 
in 
 
line 
 
w
ith 
 
Gro
up’s 
management estimation.
 
 
 
COMPARISON OF
 PERFORMA
NCE 
OVER FIVE REPORTING PERIODS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Installation of gra
in cleaning, dryi
ng and storage f
acilities  
and livestock farm
s  
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
12,221  
10,366  
-
15 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
2,134  
2,117  
-
1 
 
248
255
272
367
393
SALES VOLU
ME, THOUSAND T
 
149
156
180
384
416
SALES, MEUR
 
16.2
16.8
22.3
71.8
36.2
GROSS PROF
IT, MEUR 
3.0
3.6
8.8
45.3
10.8
OPERATING PR
OFIT, MEUR
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28
 
 
28
 
AGRICULT
URAL 
PRODUCTION
 
since 2003 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KEY FACTS 
 
 
 
culti
vat
ed la
nd a
rea, 
hect
are
s
 
 
 
own 
land
 ar
ea, 
hect
are
s
 
 
number of cows
 
 
ktons
 of
 mil
k pr
oduc
ed
 
 
ktons
 of
 crop
 pro
duc
tion
 pro
duc
ed
 
 
 
Companies in Lithuania:
 
 
UAB Linas Agro 
Konsultacijos 
Panevėžys District Aukš
tadvario ŽŪB
 
Panevėžys District Ži
bartonių ŽŪB
 
Kėdainiai District Labūna
vos ŽŪB
 
Šakiai District Lukšių ŽŪ
B
 
Biržai District Medeikių 
ŽŪB
 
Sidabravo ŽŪB
 
Kėdainiai District ŽŪ
B Nemunas 
 
UAB Landvesta 1
 
UAB Landvesta 2
 
UAB Landvesta 3
 
UAB Landvesta 4
 
UAB Landvesta 5
 
UAB Landvesta 6
 
UAB Noreikiškės
 
UAB 
Užupė
 
UAB Paberžėlė
 
UAB Lineliai 
 
 
19,229 
SHARE OF 
REVENUE 
 
IN GROUP‘S 
PORTFOLIO
 
 
 
 
6,074 
3,264 
12
 
10
3 
37.3 
OPERATING 
COMPANI
ES 
KEY SDG
S
 
 
 
 
3%
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
Cultivation of cereals, o
ilseed rape, sugar beet and other
 
crops 
Production of milk a
nd beef cattle farming
 
Rent and managemen
t of agricultural 
purposes land 
Management of subsid
iary farming companies
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29
 
 
29
 
CULTIVATIO
N OF CERE
ALS, OILS
EED 
RAPE, SUGAR 
BEET, AND O
THER 
CROPS
 
 
During the reporting period, crop production harvested and 
sold 
 
b
y 
 
th
e 
 
opera
ting  co
mpanies 
 
of  t
he  S
egment 
 
were 
respectively 
15% 
and 
15% 
higher 
as 
compared 
to 
the 
v
ery 
same 
 
period 
 
last
 
 
year. 
 
Greater 
 
q
uantities 
 
of
 
 
the 
 
crop 
production 
 
were
 
 
related 
 
w
ith 
 
better 
 
20
22 
 
harvest 
 
i
n 
Lithuania, 
 
exceedi
ng 
 
the 
 
va
lues 
 
of 
 
multiyear
 
 
average. 
Regardless 
of 
co
untry’s 
harvest
 i
ndications 
with 
d
ominating 
lower 
than 
average
 
q
uality, 
as 
well 
as
 
ma
rginal 
g
luten 
and 
protein 
parameters, 
the 
quali
ty 
of
 
crop 
produced 
by 
G
roup 
farming companies 
was fairly 
good 
–
 
the indicators 
of 
winter 
wheat 
were 
in 
line 
with 
class 
I 
or 
II, 
oil 
content 
of 
rapeseed 
was 
acceptable. 
H
owever, 
due 
to 
the 
cold 
an
d 
rai
ny 
spri
ng 
of 
2022, the quality of corn a
nd malted barley suf
fered a bit. 
 
 High 
average 
grain 
selli
ng 
prices 
in
 
the 
beginning 
of
 
the 
financial  year,  already  end  of  the  summer  2022  starte
d 
decreasing 
 
with 
 
increasi
ng 
 
availability 
 
of
 
 
the 
 
crops;
 
 
for 
instance, 
on 
 
the 
 
date 
 
of 
 
t
he 
publication 
of 
 
this 
 
report, 
 
th
e 
price of milling wheat has lost roughly 
30% of its value from 
its 
peak 
price. 
Due 
to 
high 
costs 
of fertilizers, 
plant 
protection 
products, energy 
resources and 
other 
components, the 
grain 
harvested 
 
in 
 
summer
-autumn 
 
of 
 
2022 
 
was 
 
grown 
 
at 
approximately 
 
10-
20% 
 
higher 
 
cost 
 
compar
ed 
 
to 
 
the 
previous 
 
period 
 
(
depending  on
 
 
the 
 
c
ulture). 
 
 
 
Des
pite 
 
the 
aforementioned 
 
factors, 
 
Group 
 
farmi
ng 
 
c
ompanies 
 
still 
managed to recor
d good results during
 the reporting period,
 
largely 
 
due 
 
t
o 
 
high 
 
selling 
 
prices 
 
at 
 
the 
 
begin
ning 
 
of 
 
th
e 
period, 
as 
well 
as 
significant 
part 
of
 
pre-sale 
contracts
 
and 
the 
 
risk  policy  of 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
com
panies 
 
t
o 
 
carry
 
 
o
ut 
 
the
 
remaining sales in parts 
month by month.
 
On 
the 
last 
day 
of 
the 
reporting 
period, 
for 
the 
harv
est 
of 
the  year  2023,  the  Group's  agricultural  com
panies  have
 
sown more 
tha
n 
1
8 
thousand he
ctares of 
c
ultivated land, 
yet 
the 
condition 
of 
the 
crop, 
contrary 
to 
the 
assessment
 
mo
st 
of 
 
the 
 
time 
 
duri
ng 
 
the 
 
financial 
 
year, 
 
was 
 
a
ssessed 
 
on 
 
a 
much 
 
wider 
 
scale,
 
 
some
 
 
being 
 
cal
led 
 
in 
 
t
he 
 
ra
nge 
 
of 
bad/satisfactory/g
ood. 
 
Dry 
 
weather 
 
domina
ting 
 
the 
 
last
 
quarter 
of 
the 
financial 
year 
a
nd con
tinuing 
after 
the 
end 
of 
the 
f
inancial 
year, 
as 
well 
as 
a 
storm 
during 
the 
harvestin
g, 
raised 
conce
rns 
about 
possi
ble 
2023 
production, 
however, 
on the day of the publica
tion of this repor
t, the initial harvest 
indications 
i
n 
the 
part 
of 
the
 
Group 
agricultural 
compani
es 
even exceed
ed the yi
elds of 
the previous 
year. Accor
ding t
o 
the 
 
preliminary
 
 
a
ssesses 
 
harv
est 
 
quantities
 
 
in
 
 
Aug-
2023
, 
pre-sold 
production 
of 
the 
G
roup 
com
panies 
constituted 
 
–
 
55% of wheat, 70% o
f rapeseed, 40% of ma
lted barley and 
40% of beans.  
During 
 
th
e 
 
reporting 
 
period, 
 
all 
 
cr
ops 
 
of
 
 
the 
 
Gr
oup 
companies 
were 
insured. 
In 
or
der 
to 
compensate
 
for 
the 
frost
 
of 
 
rapeseed, 
 
the 
 
fall 
 
of 
 
barley, 
 
and
 
 
the 
 
co
nsequences 
 
of
 
rain/hail 
in 
the 
area
 
of 
300 
ha, 
t
he 
insuranc
e 
payment 
was 
requested, 
ho
wever, 
the l
osses 
are 
symbolic 
–
 
about 
E
UR 
35
 
thousand. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Crop production 
sales 
 
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
20,996  
30,496  
45 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
9,838  
8,889  
-
10 
 
104
 thousand tons of
 crop 
production sold during t
he 
reporting period 
 
(1
5% more than a year befor
e). 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30
 
 
30
 
2,6
 
2,6
2,9
2,8
2,6
 
2,6
2,8
3,1
2,9
2,7
2,8
3,0
2,3
2,4
2,5
2,6
2,7
2,8
2,9
3
3,1
3,2
0
2 000
4 000
6 000
8 000
10 000
12 000
Dairy cows
Raw milk produced, t
Average quantity of milk per cow per quarter, t (rhs)
PRODUCTION
 OF MILK
 AND B
EEF 
CATTLE FARMI
NG 
 
At 
the 
end 
of 
t
he 
repor
ting 
period,
 
the 
q
uantities 
of
 
dairy
 
cows 
 
held 
 
were
 
 
1% 
 
lower, 
 
w
hile 
 
th
e 
 
am
ounts 
 
of 
 
milk
 
produced 
were 
even 
7% gre
ater compared 
to 
the res
ults 
of 
same 
 
period 
 
previous 
 
financ
ial 
 
year. 
 
It 
 
i
s 
 
noteworth
y, 
 
that 
quantity of milk produced an
d its qualitative param
eters vary 
depending on 
feed, te
mperatures,
 
animal 
genetics and 
other 
factors, 
 
and 
 
usually 
 
does 
 
no
t 
 
characterize 
 
b
y 
 
direct 
correlation, therefore with milk yields increasing significantly 
over 
the r
eporting 
period, t
he weigh
ted avera
ge
 protein
 and
 
fat 
 
cont
ent 
 
indicator 
 
decrea
sed 
 
slightl
y, 
 
even 
 
so 
 
the 
composition 
of 
milk 
produced 
was 
still 
excellent.
 During
 t
he 
first q
uarter 
of th
e fina
ncial y
ear t
he purcha
se 
prices 
of ra
w 
milk peaked, h
owever already
 in October o
f 2022 starte
d to 
diminish 
 
and 
 
continued 
 
this 
 
direction 
 
within 
 
the 
 
following 
months of 
t
he 
reporting period. Nevertheless, the 
s
uccessful 
start 
 
of 
 
the 
 
financial 
 
year 
 
2022/2023 
 
gave 
 
ground 
 
to 
sustain 
 
still 
 
s
lightly 
 
higher 
 
Group 
 
farming 
 
companies 
 
mi
lk 
sales 
rev
enue 
compared 
to 
th
e 
v
ery 
sa
me 
period 
last 
year 
(9% 
increase 
in 
milk 
sales 
revenue).
 
Unf
ortunately, 
due 
t
o 
the 
hig
her-than-average 
cost 
component
 
prices, 
the
 
results 
of general profitability det
eriorated by almost a third.
 
RAW MILK  
PRODUCTIO
N  
DYNAMICS IN 
 
AGRICULTUR
AL  
COMPANIES
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
During 
 
the 
 
reporting 
 
perio
d, 
 
6% 
 
less 
 
live 
 
cattl
e 
 
mea
t 
 
wa
s 
grown 
 
c
ompared 
 
to 
 
the 
 
sa
me 
 
per
iod 
 
in  the 
 
pr
evious 
 
y
ear, 
however revenue from m
eat sales increased by 
3
%.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Milk and live weigh
t cattle sales  
 
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
18,137  
19,693  
9 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
4,901  
3,366  
-
31 
 
12 months. milk 
quantity 
per cow 11,0 t 
 
12 months. milk 
quantity 
per cow 10,8 t 
 
12 months. milk 
quantity 
per cow 11,4 t 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31
 
 
31
 
The 
revenue 
of 
t
he 
o
perating 
Segment 
increased 
 
by 
 
28
% 
during 
the 
reporting 
period, 
accounting 
for 
almost
 
EUR 
50.2 
million. 
Meanwhile 
operating 
profit 
reached 
EUR 
12
.5 
million 
compared 
to 
EUR 1
5.1 m
illion in 
the 
same 
period 
of 
previous 
year. 
For 
 
2022/2023 
 
f
inancia
l 
 
y
ear 
 
revenue 
 
of 
 
this 
 
business
 
segment 
 
constituted
 
 
3% 
 
and 
 
was 
 
i
n 
 
line 
 
with 
 
Gro
up’s 
management estimation.
 
 
 
COMPARISON OF
 PERFORMA
NCE 
OVER FIVE REPORTING PERIODS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
103
116
142
127
143
SALES VOLU
ME, THOUSAND T
 
26
28
33
39
50
SALES, MEUR
 
3.1
5.8
9.0
14.7
12.3
GROSS PROF
IT, MEUR 
3.2
6.4
11.4
15.1
12.5
OPERATING PR
OFIT, MEUR
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
32
 
 
32
 
C
ERTIFICATES
 
 
FOOD PR
ODUCTS 
since 2013 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KEY FACTS 
 
 
 
The 
onl
y pr
oduce
r of
 ins
tant
 prod
ucts
 in t
he 
regi
on 
 
The 
bigg
est
 poul
try 
prod
uce
r in 
Lith
uani
a
 
and 
Latv
ia
 
 
The 
bigg
est
 flour
 pr
oduc
er i
n Lit
hua
nia
 
 
Pou
ltry 
rear
ed w
itho
ut a
ntibi
otics
 in 
Latvia
 
 
Pou
ltry 
rear
ed w
itho
ut a
ntibi
otics
 in 
Lith
uani
a 
 
retail
 out
let
s in L
atvi
a
 
 
BRANDS AND
 TRADEM
ARKS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other: 
Granfågel (non-Bal
tic export mark
ets)
; 
Nordichicken (export 
markets)
; 
A‘petito
; 
Fiesta
; 
Vištiena
 kitaip
; 
Vištyči
o
; Premium 
SHARE OF 
REVENUE 
 
IN GROUP‘S 
PORTFOLIO
 
75
%
 
20
 
100
%
 
#1
 
#1
 
OPERATING 
COMPANI
ES 
KEY SDG
S
 
 
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
In Lithuania: 
AB Kauno Grūdai
 
AB Vilniaus Paukštyna
s
 
AB Kaišiadorių Paukšt
ynas
 
UAB Alesninkų Paukšt
ynas
 
UAB Domantonių Paukšt
ynas
 
UAB Lietbro 
AB Zelvė 
 
UAB Avocetė
 
UAB 
Šlaituva
 
UAB VKP Valdymas
 
UAB KP Valda
 
UAB VP Valda
 
UAB KG Distribution
 
UAB KG Logistika
 
 
In Latvia: 
AS Putnu Fabrika Kekav
a 
SIA Cerova 
SIA Lielzeltini
 
SIA Broileks  
SIA PFK Trader
 
 
21%
Production and wholesal
e of flour and flour mixes, 
instant foods; productio
n and wholesale brea
dcrumbs 
and breading mixes
 
Provision of logistics, co
nsulting, and manag
ement 
services 
Whole cycle poultry bus
iness: 
- 
 
incubation of hatching 
eggs  
- 
 
broiler breeding 
 
- 
 
production of poultry
 and its products 
 
- 
 
feed manufacturing
 for self-supply
 
- 
 
retail sale of chicken 
meat and its products 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
33
 
 
33
 
POULTRY BUSI
NESS 
During 
 
the 
 
r
eporting 
 
peri
od 
 
Group
 
 
poultry 
 
compani
es 
produced 2% more of 
live weight poultry meat, however due 
to 
by 
 
on
e 
third 
 
low
er 
quantities 
 
bought 
 
f
rom 
 
third 
 
part
ies, 
delivered 
 
roughly 
 
4% 
 
less 
 
carcass 
 
weight, 
 
a
s 
 
we
ll 
 
as 
respectively 
 
produc
ed 
and 
 
sold 
 
lo
wer 
 
qua
ntities 
of 
 
poultry
 
and its 
products compared to the 
very same period last 
year. 
Decreased 
 
slaughtered 
 
an
d 
 
production
 
 
quantities
 
 
were 
mostly 
 
r
elated 
 
w
ith 
 
the  closure 
 
of 
 
the  slaughterhouse  in 
Kaišiadorys, 
since 
March, 
2022 
moving 
the 
slaughtering 
and 
meat  processing  of  broilers
  raised  in  Kaišiadorys  to  the 
Vilnius 
 
Poultry 
 
S
laughter 
 
Complex, 
 
using 
 
its 
 
full 
 
ca
pacity. 
Despite t
he lo
wer vol
umes, the 
effect 
of 
the 
higher a
verage 
production 
 
sales 
 
pric
es 
(approx. 
 
20% 
higher 
 
com
pared 
to 
the 
sam
e 
period 
a 
y
ear 
ago) 
reflec
ted 
in 
the 
to
p 
line 
of 
th
e 
reporting  period  (13%  growth).  However,  both 
 
–
 
 
due  to
 
continuously 
high 
prices 
of 
main 
c
ost 
compo
nents, 
as 
well 
as due to chang
es 
in consum
ers’ product basket, still 
wasn’t  
sufficient 
 
to 
 
achieve 
 
a 
 
positive 
 
net 
 
result,
 
 
n
or 
 
to 
 
improve 
gross 
pr
ofitability 
ratios. 
Due 
to 
stocks 
still
 
available 
in 
the 
warehouses,  raw  materials  for  feed  production  remained 
expensive, 
 
meanwhile 
 
t
he 
 
infrastructure 
 
adaptati
on 
investments, 
aimed 
a
t 
r
eplacement 
of 
natural gas 
for 
heating 
and 
 
productio
n 
 
with 
 
a 
 
cheaper 
 
e
nergy 
 
source  - 
 
l
iquefied 
petroleum 
gas,
 
were 
only 
com
pleted 
in 
January
 
and 
Februar
y 
of 
2023. 
W
ith 
continuous 
inflation, 
a 
change 
in 
consumer
 
behavior was 
noticed, refraining 
fro
m 
more expensive 
ready-
to
-eat 
 
chicke
n 
 
products, 
 
c
hoosing 
 
fresh 
 
mea
t 
 
more 
 
oft
en 
and 
 
pre
paring 
 
it
 
themselves.
 
According
 
to 
 
Nielsen 
 
survey,
 
Latvian  consumer  ex
pense  on  processed
  meat  product
s 
remained similar 
(impact of 
inflation), yet the 
avera
ge weight 
of this production decr
easing by roughly 16%.
 
It 
should 
be 
noted 
that 
during th
e 
rep
orting 
period 
Segment 
companies  have  rec
eived  EUR  around 
 
2  mi
llion  support 
aimed 
at 
the 
COVID-19 
pandemic
 
or 
war 
si
tuation 
affected
 
subjects.  
The welfare
 of the
 animals 
and overall r
esults o
f the farm
s 
over 
 
th
e 
 
reporting
 
 
period 
 
remai
ned 
 
sou
nd. 
 
Europe
an 
Production  Efficiency  Fa
ctor  (EPEF)
1
,  indicating  efficient 
exploitation 
of 
breed’s 
ge
netic 
potential, 
in 
Lithuanian 
and 
Latvian 
poultry 
fa
rms 
stood 
at 
380, 
f
eed 
conversion 
(FC
R) 
ratios 
were 
one 
of 
the 
best 
historically, 
the 
h
ealth 
stat
us 
of 
the birds 
–
 favorable
. 
 
With 
 
demand 
 
and 
 
averag
e 
 
poultry 
 
prices 
 
on 
 
the 
 
da
y 
 
of 
publication 
 
of 
 
this 
 
report 
 
il
lustrating 
 
s
till 
 
positive
 
 
phase
 
(characteristic to summer season 
- grilling) 
–
 assessment of 
the possible f
inancial year 
2023/2024 
results 
–
 still rema
in 
difficult. 
 
It 
 
is 
 
expected 
 
that 
 
the 
 
e
nergy 
 
cost 
 
reduction
 
investments 
mad
e 
by 
the 
Gr
oup 
companies 
i
n 
2021/2022, 
price  h
edges  for
  the 
 
part  of 
 
the  necessary
  natural 
 
gas 
demand, strategic 
management of 
production quantities 
and 
possible 
growth 
in 
poultry 
demand 
a
s 
a 
result 
of 
e
xpensive 
pork  production  substitution  with 
 
chick
en  products  -  will 
have 
a 
positive 
impact 
i
n 
the 
following 
periods 
of 
the 
financial 
year 
2023/2024. 
However, 
 
prediction 
 
of 
 
the 
 
fu
ndamental 
factor 
 
determining 
 
the 
 
resu
lts 
 
- 
 
the 
 
movem
ent 
 
of 
 
poultry 
production 
 
and 
 
feed
 
 
raw 
 
material 
 
prices
 
 
-
 
 
on 
 
the 
 
day 
 
of
 
publication of this report
  - remains complica
ted.
 
1
European Produ
ction Efficiency F
actor (EPEF) - standa
rdized meas
ure of 
farm performanc
e (includes 
feed convers
ion, mortality, a
nd daily weig
ht gain 
results), used to 
compare broil
er performance f
rom different f
locks and 
different regio
ns.
 
 
 
During the reporting peri
od Group’s poultry 
companies 
 
Produce
d 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sold
 
118
 thousand tons
 
 
96 
thousand tons
 
of live weight 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
of poultry meat
 
poultry meat
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and its products
 
Group 
companies together 
ar
e 
the 
largest 
poultry 
m
eat 
producers 
in 
Li
thuania 
a
nd 
La
tvia, 
owning 
best
-known 
poultr
y 
meat 
brands in 
both countries. Activities include 
whole cycle poultry bu
siness - from incubation of 
hatching eggs to 
retail sales 
of 
produced c
hicken 
meat 
/ 
products. 
Production 
infrastruc
ture incl
ude 
owned 
breeding 
houses,
 incu
bators, 
broilers 
houses, 
slaughterhouses, 
production sites, waste inci
neration and utilization un
its.
 
‘Raised
 
without 
anti
biotics’ 
- 
since 
the 
beginning 
of 
2020 
in 
Latvian 
compa
nies 
broiler
s 
are 
100% 
ra
ised 
witho
ut 
antibio
tics, 
in Lithuania the share of an
timicrobial
-free production in p
oultry farms is around 75%.
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34
 
 
34
 
 
 
FLOUR AND 
ITS MIXTUR
ES, INSTANT
 
FOOD PRODU
CTS, BR
EADCRU
MBS 
AND BREA
DING MIXES 
PRODUCTIO
N 
BUSINESS 
 
 
The 
fl
our, 
f
lour 
mixt
ures 
and 
brea
dcrumbs
 
quantities 
so
ld 
by Gr
oup 
companies
 d
uring 
the 
reporting
 
period 
were 
11%
 
lower 
compared 
to 
the 
result 
in 
the 
previ
ous 
financial 
year. 
Although 
the 
production 
volumes 
and 
demand 
for 
flour, 
it's 
mixtures 
and 
coating 
s
ystems 
rema
ined 
at 
a 
similar 
to 
t
he 
last year’s level, flour
 sales to third parties con
tracted due to 
a 
higher 
demand 
for 
flo
ur 
internally 
in 
t
he 
Group 
(over 
the 
reporting 
 
period 
 
23% 
 
of 
 
fl
our 
 
produc
tion 
 
was 
 
sold 
 
a
s 
supplies for instant 
food production), as well as 
turn
ed down 
some 
 
margi
nal 
 
prof
itability 
 
contracts.
 
 
Compar
ed 
 
to
 
corresponding 
 
period
 
 
last 
 
year, 
 
sales 
 
volumes 
 
of 
breadcrumbs  di
minished
 
 
by 
 
a
pprox.  8
%, 
 
to
 
 
most  extent 
explained 
with 
cancelation 
of 
trade 
relations 
with 
Russia
n 
buyers. 
H
owever, 
s
uccessfully 
ente
ring 
new
 
markets 
(key 
geographies - UAE, Saudi Arabia, Poland, Baltic countries), 
gradual 
recovery
 of
 
quantities 
are 
p
rojected. 
Elevated 
co
st 
due 
 
t
o 
 
high 
 
energy 
 
and 
 
c
ereal 
 
prices  wa
s 
 
offse
t 
 
wit
h 
inflated selling prices, sustaining the gross
 profitability, an
d 
recording 
22% 
revenue 
increase 
in 
the 
fl
our, 
its
 
mixture
s 
and 
b
readcrumbs 
product 
ca
tegory 
compar
ed 
to
 
the
 
very
 
same period last year.
 
The  
ins
tant  fo
od
 
 
qua
ntities  sold  by  Gr
oup  com
panies 
during the 
reporting period were 28% greater 
compared to 
the 
result
 
in 
the
 
previous 
fi
nancial 
year, 
income 
gen
erated 
–
 
 
r
espectively 
 
49% 
 
higher. 
 
Higher
 
 
production 
 
q
uantities 
were 
to 
some 
exte
nt 
enabled th
anks 
to 
the 
comp
letion 
(first 
half 
of 
FY 
2022/2023) 
of 
the 
investments 
in 
2.5 
thousa
nd 
sq. 
 
m. 
 
IF
 
 
warehouse 
 
in  Kėdainia
i, 
 
solving 
 
the  problem 
 
of 
insufficient 
storag
e 
space. 
H
owever 
significan
t 
increase 
i
n 
the 
 
reven
ue 
 
was 
 
related
 
 
not  on
ly 
 
w
ith 
 
hig
her 
 
productio
n 
quantities, but 
also with 
higher IF 
prices, which,
 despite co
st 
components prices (flour, oils, packaging,
 energy) remainin
g 
also 
high, 
sti
ll 
all
owed 
to 
improve
 
gros
s 
profitability 
ra
tios 
a 
bit 
compared 
to 
t
he 
same 
re
porting 
p
eriod 
in 
the
 
pr
evious 
Poultry and poul
try products 
 
 
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
261,223  
296,377  
13 
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
16,424  
14,
905  
-9 
During the reporting peri
od Group companies
 
 
Produce
d
 
 
Sold
 (not i
ncluding 
quantities required for 
internal production).
 
 
75
 
thousand tons
 
 
 
 
56 
thousand
 tons 
of flour, flour mixes, breadcr
umbs
 
 
284
million pcs 
 
 
 
 
266
 
mi
llion pcs 
of instant foods (IF) 
- porridges and noodl
es in 
cups, packages and boxe
s 
By 
operating 
grain
 mil
l 
in 
Kaunas 
(70 
thousand 
tons 
cap
acity 
per 
year), 
breadi
ng m
ixes 
preparation 
facil
ity 
in 
Kaunas 
district (
12 thousan
d tons 
capacity 
per 
year) a
nd instant
 foods 
(IF 
- porri
dge an
d noodle 
cups, 
packets 
and boxes)
 produc
tion facilities 
in 
Kėdainiai a
nd Al
ytus (265 
million 
IF
 
product 
units ca
pacity 
per year), 
entities
 
of 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
are
 
 
engaged 
 
i
n 
 
pro
duction 
 
of 
 
flour, 
 
its 
 
m
ixtures, 
 
bread
ing 
 
m
ixes, 
 
and 
 
instant 
 
foods 
 
products. 
Activities 
of 
th
ese 
companie
s 
are 
integrated 
–
 
part 
of 
flour 
pro
ducts 
produced 
in 
the 
mill 
are 
su
pplied 
t
o 
t
he 
Group’s 
compa
nies 
produc
ing 
noodles, 
breadcrumbs
;
 
bre
adcrumbs 
are 
us
ed 
in 
production 
of 
pou
ltry 
prod
ucts, 
etc.
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
35
 
 
35
 
financial year. 
Majority
 
of 
th
e 
IF 
production 
is ex
ported to 
t
he 
markets 
 
of 
 
Great 
 
Britai
n, 
 
Spain, 
 
Czech 
 
Repub
lic, 
Scandinavian 
 
and 
 
Baltic 
 
countries 
 
a
nd 
 
s
old 
 
under 
 
private 
labels. 
 
Over
 
 
the
 
 
reporting  period 
 
the 
 
accelerating  instant 
noodles 
dema
nd 
moods 
wer
e 
felt 
- 
according 
to 
the 
late
st 
data 
 
of 
 
World 
 
I
nstant 
 
Noodles 
 
Ass
ociation 
 
(WINA) 
 
a
nd 
Innova 
 
Ma
rket 
 
Insights,  last 
 
year’s 
 
r
esu
lts 
 
indicated
 
 
11% 
CAGR 
in 
Group’s
 
f
ocus 
market 
(E
urope, 
excluding 
R
ussia, 
Ukraine), while th
e projected CAGR 
for 
coming 5 
years shall 
reach 5%.
 However
 Group c
ompanies w
orking full ca
pacity, 
satisfying this additional d
emand would be still only possibl
e
 
with  furth
er  investm
ents.  Ta
king  into 
 
a
ccount  incr
easing 
appetite, 
 
already 
 
in 
 
the 
 
beginning 
 
of  the
  20
23  Gro
up’s 
management 
 
announced 
 
the 
 
plan 
 
for 
 
E
UR 
 
3
2 
 
mil
lion 
investment into A
lytus IF plan
t expansion, ex
pecting to hav
e 
increased 
 
IF 
 
pr
oduction 
 
capacities
 
 
already
 
 
in 
 
2024 
(additional 240 million pr
oduct units throughout the year).
 
 
Observing 
 
the 
 
growing
 
 
demand 
 
for 
 
ready
-
to
-eat
 
 
food
 
products, 
G
roup's 
management 
made 
a
 
decision
 
to 
expand 
segment's 
 
product 
 
basket. 
 
After 
 
the 
 
end 
 
of
 
 
the 
 
r
eporting 
period, 
 
in 
July,
 
2023 
 
the 
 
acquisition
 
of
 
a 
part 
 
of 
 
th
e 
third 
party’s 
 
business  was 
 
completed, 
 
aiming 
 
t
o  co
ntinue  t
he 
production of 
orga
nic 
soups, stews, 
grain 
dishes 
and organic 
vegetables 
 
in 
 
pouches 
 
in 
 
a
 
 
modern 
 
ro
botic 
 
factor
y 
 
i
n 
Lithuania  (Širvintos),  yet 
 
un
der 
 
Gr
oup’s
  own  brands.  The 
impact 
of
 
this 
a
cquisition 
will 
be 
gradually 
reflected
 
in 
the 
results of the financial y
ear 2023/2024.
 
Revenue 
 
of 
 
Fo
od 
 
Products 
 
se
gment 
 
for 
 
th
e 
 
reporting 
period increased by 
20% 
and amounted 
to EUR 
416 
million. 
Operating 
pr
ofit 
amounte
d 
to
 
EUR 
7.9 
millio
n, 
compar
ed 
to 
the EUR 1.8 million loss
 for the same period last yea
r. 
For 
 
2
022/2023 
 
financial 
 
year 
 
reve
nue 
 
of 
 
this 
 
busi
ness 
segment  const
ituted  21%
  and  was 
 
in  line  with  Gro
up’s 
management estimation.
 
COMPARISON OF
 PERFORMA
NCE 
OVER FIVE REPORTING PERIODS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Flour and flour m
ixtures, instant fo
od 
products,  
breadcrumbs, and br
eading mixe
s 
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
85,358  
119,367
 
 
40
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
9,224 
16,
308 
77 
77
74
72
347
416
SALES, MEUR
 
33
32
 
32
221
166
SALES VOLU
ME, THOUSAND T
 
2.4
2.2
-2.0
-1.8
7.9
OPERATING PR
OFIT, MEUR
 
9.8
10.8
3.7
25.7
31.0
GROSS PROF
IT, MEUR 

Consolidated Interim Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the 12 months of FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
36
 
 
36
 
 
 
REPRESEN
TED 
MANUFACTUR
E
RS / 
BRANDS 
 
Veterinary pharmacy 
- Zoetis Inc., Wooge
ne B&G CO. 
LTD,  Bioveta, a. s.,   In
terchemie Werken De Adelaa
r 
B.V.,  Innov Ad NV/SA , 
 TOV Brovafarma,  Bo
ehringer 
Ingelheim,  Zoovetva
ru Ltd. (Virbac), KRKA,  LAVE
T 
Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Aco
nitum 
Fumigants - Baltic
phos and other.
 
 
OTHER ACTIVI
TIES 
since 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
KEY FACTS
 
 
Ow
n pla
nt 
of ex
trud
ed pr
od
ucts 
in Al
yt
us
OPERATING 
COMPANI
ES 
 
AB Kauno Grūdai
 
OOO KLM*
 
UAB Baltic Fumigation
 Services
 
 
* Company for sale
 
 
 
SHARE OF 
REVENUE 
 
IN GROUP‘S 
PORTFOLIO
 
CERTIFICA
TES 
 
AB Kauno Grūdai and OOO
 KLM* have 
pharmaceutical license
s for wholesale distribution
 
 
OWN TRADE
MARKS  
 
 
 
KEY SDG
S
 
 
 
 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
1%
Trade in pest control and
 hygiene 
products 
Production and sales
 of extruded products, pet f
ood 
 
Provision of veterinary p
harmaceutical services an
d 
trade in products
 
Provision of fumigati
on and sanitation servic
es 
 

Consolidated Interim Report of AB Linas Agro Group
 
for the 12 months of FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37
 
 
37
 
 
 
During 
 
the 
 
reporting
 
 
period, 
 
operation
 
 
in 
 
wholesale 
 
and
 
retail 
sa
le 
of 
veterinary
 
pharmacy 
products
 
was 
still 
sl
ightly 
burdened 
 
with
 
 
occur
ring 
 
supply 
 
d
isruptions, 
 
howev
er 
demand 
 
of 
 
the  production 
 
remained 
 
more 
 
or
 
 
less 
 
stable, 
revenues of 
Gro
up 
c
ompanies - 
in 
similar 
levels 
compared to 
previous 
 
year. 
 
In 
 
th
e 
 
seco
nd 
 
half 
 
of 
 
t
he 
 
fi
nancial 
 
year 
2022/2023 initiate
d coopera
tion with the 
new supplier
 had 
positive 
impact
 
on 
 
the 
 
res
ults 
of 
 
th
e 
cat
egory, 
 
profita
bility 
ratios were improving.
 
Over 
the 
re
porting 
period 
 
demand 
fo
r 
pet 
f
ood 
remained
 
strong, 
thus
 
with 
the 
Gr
oup's 
producti
on 
base 
op
erating 
at 
full 
 
load, 
 
management 
 
c
hose 
 
to 
 
commit 
 
for 
 
t
he 
 
most
 
profitable 
 
order
s, 
 
reducing 
 
the 
 
share 
 
of 
 
th
e 
 
cheaper
 
economy 
 
cla
ss 
 
p
roduct 
 
in 
 
the 
 
productio
n 
 
bask
et. 
Implementation 
 
of 
 
the 
 
m
entioned 
 
strateg
y 
 
translated 
 
i
nto 
contraction 
 
of 
 
pe
t 
 
f
ood
 
 
produced 
 
by 
 
Grou
p 
 
compa
nies 
quantities 
 
(
7% 
 
less 
 
as 
 
com
pared 
 
to 
 
the 
 
same 
 
period 
 
la
st 
year),  yet meanwhile int
o higher revenues, amounting
 EUR 
 
 
 
 
9.4 
million 
and 
being 
eve
n 
47% 
hi
gher 
if 
c
ompared 
to 
th
e 
result 
in 
the 
pr
evious 
financia
l 
year. 
W
orth 
noting, 
that
 
th
e 
recovering 
 
profitab
ility 
of 
 
the
 
category 
 
was 
 
influenced 
 
no
t 
only by 
the 
product 
basket, 
but als
o by 
the 
declining c
ost of
 
raw materials at the end 
of the reporting period.
 
During 
 
t
he 
 
re
porting 
 
p
eriod, 
 
demand 
 
tendencies 
 
in 
 
pes
t 
control 
 
and 
 
hygien
e 
 
s
ervices/product
s 
 
category 
 
were 
favorable; 
compared
 
to the 
same 
period 
last 
year 
–
 
revenues 
were  increasing,  gro
ss  profitability 
 
-  improved.
 
Achievin
g 
even 
 
better 
 
results  at 
 
the  end 
 
of
 
 
the  financial 
 
y
ear 
 
w
as 
obstructed 
by 
lower 
orders 
for 
spraying 
services 
 
of 
empty 
warehouses, 
 
as
 
 
farmers
 
 
a
nd 
 
agricultural 
 
co
mpanies 
 
could 
not free up storages du
e to still unsold last year
's harvest.
 
It  should  be  n
oted  that  after  the
  acquisition  of  Ka
uno 
Grūdai 
 
gro
up 
 
compan
ies 
 
in 
 
J
uly 
 
2
021, 
 
va
rious 
 
min
or 
activities 
 
were 
 
graduall
y 
 
allocate
d 
 
to 
 
and 
 
out 
 
of 
 
thi
s 
Segment, 
 
therefore 
 
w
hile 
 
asse
ssing 
 
y-o-y 
 
dynamics, 
potential 
discrepancies 
related 
with 
t
his 
i
nconsistency 
shall 
be taken into account. 
 
Revenue 
 
of 
 
the 
 
operati
ng 
 
Segment 
 
covering 
 
ab
ove 
mentioned 
 
and 
 
other 
 
less 
 
ma
terial 
 
activities 
 
d
uring 
 
this
 
reporting 
 
p
eriod 
 
amounted 
 
to 
 
EUR
 
 
2
2 
 
millio
n, 
 
resul
t 
 
wa
s 
EUR 0.5 million
 operating profit.  
For 
 
2
022/2023 
 
financial 
 
year 
 
reve
nue 
 
of 
 
this 
 
busi
ness 
segmen
t 
c
onstituted 
1% 
a
nd 
was 
not 
in 
line 
with 
Gro
up’s 
management es
timation. Business 
seg
ment 
r
epresents 
non
-
core 
a
ctivities, 
which 
are 
either 
in development 
s
tage 
or 
non-
systemic, thus there is a
 high possibility of deviation.
 
 
 
 
Pest control, provisi
on of hygiene g
oods and s
ervices, petfood p
roduction
 
and sales, wholes
ale and ret
ail trade of veterin
ary pharmacy pro
ducts and 
other activities  
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Difference,  
%
 
Revenue
, thousand EUR
 
35,861  
21,
764  
-
39
 
Gross profit (loss),
 thousand EUR
 
6,306  
3,
505 
-44  
During the repor
ting period  
the companies of the Gro
up  
 
Produce
d  
 
 
 
 
 
Sold 
11
 
thousand tons 
 
 
9
 
thousand tons  
of the extruded products
 
 
 
 
In 
the 
Other 
Act
ivities 
business 
Se
gment, 
largest 
s
hare 
of 
sales 
is 
g
enerated 
by 
the 
w
holesale 
and 
retail 
sa
le 
of 
worldw
ide 
well-
known  producers’ 
 
veterinary  pharmacy  products 
 
in  Lithuania,  Belarus, 
 
prod
uction 
 
of  pet 
 
fo
od 
 
i
n 
 
Gro
up’s  own 
production 
 
facilitie
s 
 
of 
 
extruded 
 
pr
oducts 
 
in 
 
Alytus, 
 
 
 
pr
oviding 
 
pest 
 
contr
ol 
 
servic
es 
 
and 
 
sell
ing 
 
h
ygiene 
 
products 
 
i
n 
Lithuania (prophylactical 
and interventional 
measures, aimed towards 
ensuring compliance 
with food 
safety 
requirements,
 
also chemicals for bot
h 
–
 professiona
l use and daily cleani
ng of household premises).
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
1 
 
4.4. CASH FL
OW AND LIQUID
ITY
 
 
The 
objective 
of
 
the 
 
Group
 
is 
to 
have 
sufficient 
financial 
resources, 
maintain 
high 
liquidity 
level, 
a 
good 
qualit
y 
balance 
sheet, 
have 
sufficient
 fle
xibility a
nd 
space 
in 
borrowi
ng, a
nd 
be able
 to 
meet t
he Groups’ 
working ca
pital an
d investme
nt 
needs. 
Group’s 
 
ca
sh 
 
flow 
 
from 
 
opera
ting  act
ivities 
 
before 
 
the 
changes 
in 
the 
worki
ng 
capital 
was 
positive 
and 
amo
unted 
to 
EUR 
81
 
million 
a
s 
compared 
t
o 
EUR 
12
3 
million 
of 
the 
corresponding 
 
per
iod 
 
of 
 
the 
 
previ
ous 
 
year. 
 
Wi
thin 
 
FY 
2022/2023 
way 
more 
moderate 
increases 
 
in 
 
the 
Group’s
 
inventories 
(increas
ed 
by 
EUR 
23 
million)
, 
and 
receiva
bles 
(increased 
by 
EUR 
14 
mill
i
on)
, 
resulted 
in 
still 
positive 
cas
h 
flow 
 
fr
om 
 
op
erating 
 
a
ctivities 
 
a
fter 
 
cha
nges 
 
i
n 
 
worki
ng 
capital 
- 
E
UR 
13 
mi
llion 
(negative 
 
EUR 
 
6 
 
million 
 
over 
 
th
e 
respective 
per
iod 
of 
202
1/2022 
fi
nancial 
year)
. 
As 
of 
the 
balance 
she
et 
date 
t
he 
Group 
had 
EUR 
13
 
million 
in 
ca
sh 
and 
cash equivalents 
(
EUR 
21
 
million
 
in 
FY 
2021/
20
22), its 
current solvency ratio was
 1.27
. 
 
The  Group’s  financial 
 
loans  portfolio  at  the 
 
e
nd  of 
 
t
he 
financial 
yea
r 
2022/
2023 
wa
s 
EUR 
328 
million 
(EUR 
296
 
million a
t t
he end
 of 
the 
financia
l year 
202
1/202
2) or 
EUR 
2
92
 
 
m
illion 
 
if 
 
not 
 
taking 
 
into 
 
account 
 
leasin
g 
 
obligations 
related 
with 
right
 
of 
use 
assets 
(
respectively 
EUR 
266
 
million 
at 
the end 
of 
the financial y
ear 2021/2022).
 
Financ
ial 
debt, 
out 
of 
which 
75% 
is 
short 
term 
loans 
used 
f
or 
working 
capital 
financing 
have 
ma
inly 
increa
sed 
due 
to 
higher 
demand 
for 
working 
capital 
financing. 
Respectivel
y 
over
 
t
he 
r
eferenced 
period fi
nancial 
expenses 
increased 
by 
28
% and 
amounte
d 
to 
 
EUR
 
 
19
.3 
 
million 
 
comp
ared 
 
to 
 
EUR 
 
15.1 
 
million 
 
in
 
financial year 2021/
2022
. 
 
AB Li
nas A
gro Gr
oup 
is f
ully 
capable 
of 
financing 
its 
core, 
as we
ll 
as investment 
activities. The 
main part 
of the 
working 
capital 
(total 
ma
ximum 
amou
nt 
of 
credit, 
factoring, 
L
Cs 
and 
other limit
s with 
the 
banks 
exceeded 
500 
million) 
and 
long-
term 
 
investments 
 
Grou
p 
 
fi
nances 
 
in 
 
followi
ng 
 
f
inancial 
institutions: 
Sw
edbank 
AB, 
A
B 
SEB 
Bankas, 
L
uminor 
Ban
k 
AS, Credit Suisse AG, C
redit Europe Bank N.
V.  
 
5.
 
INVESTMENTS 
 
 
AB 
Linas Agro Group 
and its 
subsidiaries have 
invested EUR 
30
 
million over the 
reporting period. 
Major investments by character: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Within the 
FY
 
2022/2023 
a 
majority 
share of 
t
he total 
Gr
oup investments 
were directed towards Food 
products segment. Poultry 
companies 
were
 
looking 
for
 
the 
ways
 
to 
cut 
energy
 
costs, 
i
nstalling 
alternat
ive 
LPG 
terminals 
t
o 
replace 
la
st 
year 
rec
ord 
high
 
(pric
es
) 
natural 
 
gas
, 
 
additionally
 
 
small-scale
 
 
floor 
 
a
nd 
 
roof 
 
repairs, 
 
lightning 
 
and 
 
heating 
 
renovation 
 
was 
 
perform
ed, 
 
new 
 
filleting 
 
and
 
calibration 
equipment, 
trucks
 
for 
tra
nsportation 
purchased.
 
Instant 
food 
ca
tegory 
finalized 
investme
nts 
into 
Kedainiai 
warehouse
. 
Agricultural 
companies purchased 
few
 
land plots, 
in some 
c
ases 
repla
cing 
existing 
o
nes 
with 
more convenient 
locations, 
additionally 
bought 
sowing 
machines, 
scr
apers, 
tractor 
for 
crop
 
production, 
cr
ushers 
for 
feed 
prepa
ration, 
as 
well 
as
 
cooling 
system 
for 
milk 
farms. 
 
Group 
company 
UAB
 Dot
nuva 
Baltic 
was 
invest
ing 
into 
new 
modern 
agricultura
l 
service 
cent
er/workshop 
and 
warehouse
 
located in Siauliai.
 
 
 
 
 
Investment object
 
Investment amo
unt,  
thousand EUR
 
Grain, Oilseeds, and Feed 
3,319 
Products and Services for Farming 
2,694 
Agricultural Production 
5,538 
Food products 
18,385 
Other Activities 
445
 
Not allocated to any segment 
32
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
39
 
 
 
 
39
 
6.
 
MAJOR EVENTS 
 
6.1. THE PUB
LICLY DISCLOSED
 INFORMATION
 
 
During the 
re
porting period 
ended 30 
Jun
e 2
023, the 
Company publicly 
disclosed and 
distributed 
via Nasdaq 
Vilnius Exchange 
Globenewswire system
 and in Company‘s website
 
www.li
nasagrogroup.lt
 the following information:
 
 
16/6/2023 
8:00 EEST 
 
AB Linas Agro Group: notification on transactions in the Company's securities by the 
person discharging managerial 
responsibilities 
15/6/2023 
16:52 EEST 
The Board of Directors of AB Linas Agro Group approved the Dividend 
Policy
 
13/62023 
17:17 EEST 
Correction: AB Linas Agro Group seeks to acquire part of AUGA Group, AB food bus
iness
 
7/6/2023 
17:42 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group seeks to acquire part of AUGA Group, AB food bus
iness
 
31/5/2023 
16:30 EEST 
9 months of the 2022/2023 financial year of AB Linas 
Agro Group: 
revenue up, profit down 
26/5/2023 
10:00 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group will hold an In
vestor Conference Webinar to introduce the financial results for the 9 months of 
financial year 2022/2023 
15/5/2023 
8:23 EEST 
 
AB Linas Agro Group: notification on transactions in the Company's securities by the managers of the Company 
11/5/2023 
8:19 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group: notification on 
transactions in the Company's securities by the managers of the Company
 
8/5/2023 
16:05 EEST 
 
AB Linas Agro Group: notification on transactions in the Company's securities by the managers and persons
 closely 
associated with the managers of the Company 
4/5/2023 
8:16 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group: notification on 
transactions in the Company's securities by the managers and per
sons closely 
associated with the managers of the Company 
2/5/2023 
9:06 EEST 
 
AB Linas Agro Group: notification on 
transactions in the issuer's securities by the managers and persons closely 
associated with the managers of the Company 
2023
-
04
-
26
 
16:19 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group: notification on 
transactions in the issuer's securities by the managers and persons closely 
associated with the managers of the Company 
28/2/2023 
18:22 EET 
Six months of the 2022/23 financial year of AB Linas Agro Group: sales, revenue, and profit growth. 
23/2/2023 
9:30 EET 
AB Linas Agro Group will hold an In
vestor Conference Webinar to introduce the financial results for the half year of 
financial year 2022/2023. 
20/2/2023 
8:00 EET 
Linas Agro Group invests EUR 32 million in the production of instant foods. 
22/12/2022 
16:05 EET 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of AB Linas Agro Group was elected. 
6/12/2022 
16:08 EET 
Chairman of the Board of AB Linas Agro Group was elected. 
2/12/2022 
16:05 EET 
Notification on the total number of voting rights granted by Linas Agro Group s
hares, the authorized capital amount, 
the number of shares and their nominal value. 
2/12/2022 
16:04 EET 
New wording of the Articles of Association of AB 
Linas Agro Group, the Supervisory Boa
rd and the increase of the 
authorized capital are registered. 
2/12/2022 
9:00 EET 
Correction: AB Linas Agro Group investors 
calendar for the 2023
. 
 
2/12/2022 
8:30 EET 
AB Linas Agro Group investors calendar for the 2023. 
30/11/2022 
18:41 EET 
Revenue of AB Linas Agro Group for the three months of the 2022/2023 financial year grows by one 
third
. 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
40
 
 
 
 
40
 
24/11/2022 
8:08 EET 
AB Linas Agro Group notification on transactions in the issuer's securities by the managers and persons
 closely 
associated with the managers of the Company. 
23/11/2022 
8:30 EET 
AB Linas Agro Group will hold an In
vestor Conference Webinar to introduce the financial results for the 3 months of 
financial year 2022/2023. 
16/11/2022 
8:23 EET 
AB Linas Agro Group sold IOOO Belfidagro, a company registered in 
Belarus
. 
3/11/2022 
13:50 EET 
Dividend Payment Procedure. 
3/11/2022 
9:54 EET 
AB Linas Agro Group has permission to 
proceed with the sale of the Belarusian company
. 
28/10/2022 
17:25 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group notification about the Annual information for the financial year 2021/2022. 
28/10/2022 
17:20 E
EST
 
Decisions of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of AB Linas A
gro Group held on 28 October 2022
. 
10/10/2022 
9:53 EEST 
Correction: The Board of AB Linas Agro Group approved draft resolutions and documents
 for the General Meeting of 
Shareholders. 
7/10/2022 
23:23 EEST 
Correction: The Board of AB Linas Agro Group approved draft resolutions and documents
 for the G
eneral Meeting of 
Shareholders. 
7/10/2022 
23:01 EEST 
The Board of AB Linas Agro Group approved draft resolutions and documents
 for the General Meeting of 
Shareholders. 
4/10/2022 
8:00 EEST 
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is convened. 
26/9/2022 
8:27 EEST 
Linas Agro Group companies receive EUR 118 million to finance operations. 
31/8/2022 
18:00 EET 
Revenue of AB Linas Agro Group for the twelve months of the 2021/2022 financial year approaches
 EUR 2 billion, 
net profit grows 4.6 times. 
26/8/2022 
8:30 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group sells subsidiaries in Russia and Belarus. 
25/8/2022 
14:15 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group will hold an In
vestor Conference Webinar to introduce the financial results for the 12 months of 
the financial year 2021/2022. 
1/8/2022 
9:00 EEST 
AB Linas Agro Group: notification on transactions in the issuer's securities by the managers and pers
ons closely 
associated with the managers of the Company. 
28/7/2022 
16:00 EEST 
Linas Agro receives EUR 170 million syndicated loan. 
27/7/2022 
11:03 EEST 
Linas Agro Group to expand its operations. 
 
 
6.2. OTHER EVENT
S OF THE REPORT
ING PERIOD
 
 
 
2023/2024 
 
 
29/6/2023 
The Group
’s
 
companies additionally acquired shares of UAB Šlaituv
a, AB Vilniaus Paukštynas, AB Kauno Grūdai and 
others. 
 
The Company transferred 9,000 of its own shares to employees of the Group und
er AB Linas Agro Group Rules for 
Shares Issue. 
 
27/6/2023 
The Company acquired from AB Linas Agro shares of UAB Landvesta 1, UAB Landves
ta 2, UAB Landvesta 3, UAB 
Landvesta 4, UAB Landvesta 5 and UAB Landvesta 6. 
20/6/2023 
UAB Kaišiadorių 
Skerdykla was delisted from the Register of Legal Entities. 
16/6/2023 
UAB KG Group LT was delisted from the Register of Legal Entities. 
9/6/2023 
UAB Dotnuva Seeds founded SIA Dotnuva Seeds. 
9/5/2023 
UAB Dotnuva Baltic split off finished 
and new edition of the Articles of Association of UAB Dotnuva Baltic registered, 
the authorized capital decreased by EUR 
69,504.
 
8/5/2023 
UAB Dotnuva Seeds was registered after UAB Dotnuva Baltic split off. 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
41
 
 
 
 
41
 
27/4/2023 
The authorized capital of AS Dotnuva Baltic increased by EUR 
800,00.
 
11/4/2023 
A decision is taken to increase the authorized capital of LLC Linas Agro Ukraine by EUR 
300
 000. 
30/3/2023 
The authorized capital of LLC Linas Agro Ukraine increased by EUR
 166,545,25.
 
20/3/2023 
The authorized capital of UAB GeoFace increased by EUR 300,000.  
17/3/2023 
Conversion of Užupės ŽŪB into UAB Užupė was completed.
 
16/3/2023 
Split off of UAB Dotnuva Baltic initiated. 
6/3/2023 
Liquidation of UAB Kaišiadorių Skerdykla initiated.
 
March, 2023  
UAB TABA Holding additionally acquired shares in AB 
Kauno Grūdai.
 
January-March, 
2023 
 
The Company transferred 4,000 of its own shares to employees of the Group und
er AB Linas Agro Group Rules for 
Shares Issue. 
9/1/2023 
UAB Kauno Grūdai ir Partneriai was removed from the Register of Legal Entities.
 
7/12/2022 
AB 
Kauno Grūdai bought the rest shares of UAB 
Šlaituva and became the sole shareholder.
 
1/12/2022 
The reorganization was completed, UAB Kauno Grūdai ir Partneriai was merged to UAB Linas Agro Grūdų Centrai.
 
30/11/2022 
The share capital of Užupės ŽŪB was 
reduced by paying EUR 691,000.64 to its shareholders. 
9/11/2022 
100 percent of shares in IOOO Belfidagro were sold. 
 
2/11/2022 
The authorized capital of SIA Linas Agro increased by EUR 366,856 by a non-monetary contri
bution of S
IA KG 
Latvija. 
 
5/10/2022 
Liquidation of UAB KG Group LT initiated. 
27/9/2022 
The sale of part in OOO VitOMEK (Moscow, Russian Federation) is registered. 
5/9/2022 
The authorized capital of UAB Linas Agro Grūdų Centrai has been increased by EUR 
3,866,785 with a 
non
-monetary 
contribution from AB Linas Agro. 
 
1/9/2022 
The sale of part in OOO VitOMEK (Tver region, Russian Federation) is registered. 
25/8/2022
 
Agreements 
on 
sale 
of 
shares 
in 
OOO 
VitOMEK
 
(Moscow, 
Russian 
Federati
on) 
and 
OOO 
VitOMEK 
(Tver, 
 
Russian 
Federation), also IOOO Belfidagro, registered in Belarus were concluded. 
July, 2022
 
The Company tr
ansferred 11,000 of 
its own shar
es to employee
s of the 
Group under 
AB Linas 
Agro Group R
ules for 
Shares Issue. 
22/7/2022
 
AB Linas Agro concluded a syndicated credit agreement in the amount of EUR 170 m with Credit Suiss
e AG, 
Swedbank, AB and AB SEB bank, and the Company guaranteed its fulfilment. 
 
5/7/2022
 
Authorized capital of AB Linas Agro increased by EUR 5 
134
 
480
 by non-monetary contribution of 
AB Kauno Grūdai.
 
 
 
6.3. SUBSEQ
UENT EVENTS 
 
29/09/2023 
Liquidation of UAB KG Distribution, UAB KG Logistika, UAB VKP Valdymas a
nd UAB Gastronet
a initiated. 
1/9/2023 
Reorganization 
of 
SIA 
Br
oileks, 
SIA 
Cer
ova 
a
nd 
SIA 
Lielzelti
ni 
was 
initiated 
by 
 
merging 
them 
to 
AS 
Putnu 
Fabrika 
Kekava. 
22/8/2023 
Split off from UAB Landvesta 1 initiated. 
21/7/2023 
AB Kauno Grūdai acquired 100% shares of KB Grybai LT.
 
7/7/2023 
The Company transferred 3,000 of its own shares to employees of the Group und
er AB 
Linas Agro Group Rules for 
Shares Issue. 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
42
 
 
 
 
42
 
7.
 
SCOPE OF RISK 
AND MANAGEMENT 
THEREOF 
 
 
Magnitude (potential imp
act) 
Likelihood 
 
 
Low  
<2% 
Medium 
2-
3%
 
High  
3-
5%
 
Very 
High 
>5% 
Low 
Medium 
High 
Very 
high 
LIQUIDITY AND F
INANCING 
ASSOCIATED RI
SKS 
debt servicing 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interest rate  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TRADE POSSIT
ION'S 
MANAGEMENT
 
open position misma
nagement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CREDIT AND 
COUNTERPAR
TY RISK 
farmers' defaults 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INVESTMENT PR
OJECTS 
MANAGEMENT
 
cost or execution time 
overrun 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INFORMATION 
SECURITY 
AND IT 
loss or disclosure of k
ey 
information, leakage, 
cyberattacks
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
interruption of bus
iness 
processes and decisions
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NON-COMPL
IANCE RISK 
interruption of bus
iness 
processes, limited or pr
ohibited 
activity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SUPPLIER, SOUR
CING 
RISK, LOSS OF 
PARTNERSHIPS
 
loss of representati
on 
exclusivities, limited s
ubstitution, 
leading to potentially lim
ited 
activity 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
OCCUPATIONAL 
HEALTH 
AND SAFETY 
MISMANAGEMENT
 
legal procedures, fines
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
difficulties hiring and k
eeping 
employees 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOOD QUALIT
Y AND 
SAFETY MIS
MANAGEMENT
 
legal procedures, fines
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK OF NOT R
EACHING 
ESG TARGETS
 
complicated relationshi
p with 
key stakeholders, los
s of image, 
brand deterioration
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
potentially limited offe
rings to 
finance, increased ma
rgins 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BIOLOGICAL ASS
ETS 
MISMANAGEMENT
 
improper maintenanc
e of 
biological assets (animal 
housing 
condition, feed quality, in
fection 
prevention measures, i
nsurance) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
POLITICAL RIS
KS 
reduction of agricultur
al 
subsidies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HR RISKS
 
loss of employees 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
inability to hire new em
ployees 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
REPUTATION RI
SK 
Public opinion
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Brand image 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CLIMATE RISKS
 
Extreme climate conditi
ons 
impacting crop productio
n 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Extreme climate conditi
ons 
impacting ability to o
perate 
production business
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43
 
 
 
 
43
 
7.1. MARKET RIS
KS 
 
A market risk is understood as the 
risk of receiving a lower 
return 
 
than 
 
plan
ned 
 
in 
 
t
he 
 
event 
 
of
 
 
unfav
ourable 
 
market
 
conditions. 
A 
market 
risk 
in 
the activities 
of
 
the companies of 
the Group co
uld occur thr
ough fluctuations in
 market price
s 
of  certain  goods, 
 
emergence  of  new  c
ompetitors  in  t
he 
market 
 
or 
 
a
 
 
m
erger/formation 
 
of 
 
a 
 
gro
up 
 
by 
 
c
ompeti
tors, 
relevant 
 
crop 
 
harvest 
 
quali
ty/quantity 
 
in
 
 
a 
 
given 
 
perio
d, 
emergence 
of
 n
ew 
goods 
and 
production 
technologies 
t
hat 
lead to a fall in the market
 prices of specific goods, 
etc.
 
In 
ord
er 
to 
manage 
the 
potential 
impact 
of 
a 
mark
et 
risk,
 
the employees of 
the companies of the
 Group: 
- Constantly monitor the
 market of specialised prod
ucts;
 
- 
 
Mana
ge 
 
trading  positions  on
 
 
t
he 
 
basis  of 
 
permissib
le 
limits 
 
of 
 
ope
n 
 
trad
ing 
 
positions 
 
an
d 
 
criteria 
 
for
 
 
th
eir 
liquidation; 
- Use derivatives; 
- Etc. 
In 
the 
financial
 
y
ear 
2022/2023, 
due 
to 
high 
volat
ility 
of
 
commodity 
 
pric
es 
and 
 
disrupti
ons 
in 
 
the 
 
s
upply 
chain, 
 
the 
companies 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Gr
oup 
 
were 
 
exposed 
 
t
o 
 
market 
 
r
isk. 
Market price risk 
was evident in fertilizer trade 
due to limited 
possibility to 
hedge
 
the
 
e
xposure. 
However,
 
diversif
ication of 
Group’s activities helped
 to 
ba
lance the overall result. 
 
The 
proba
bility 
of 
t
he 
occurrence 
of 
market 
risk 
in 
future 
periods 
 
remai
ns 
 
high 
 
d
ue 
 
to 
 
the
 
 
specifics 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Gr
oup’s 
normal 
busines
s 
operations. 
Also, inf
lationary 
pressures
 a
re 
expected 
t
o 
have 
a 
negative 
impact 
on 
consumer 
purchasing 
power 
 
in 
 
th
e 
 
short 
 
term. 
 
 
 
However, 
 
du
e 
 
to 
 
comple
x 
forecasting 
of 
market move
ment 
trends, 
it 
is no
t possibl
e t
o 
anticipate the consequenc
es of encount
ering this risk. 
 
7.2. TRADE A
ND CREDIT 
 
RISKS 
 
A trade and credit risk is understood as the risk of 
a lower
-
than-expected profit 
if, due 
to 
reasons 
that 
are 
dependent or 
not 
dependent 
on 
the 
empl
oyees 
of 
the 
c
ompanies 
of 
the 
Group, improper performance of 
the te
rms and 
conditions of 
contracts is encount
ered. 
A trade risk
 in the activities 
of the compan
ies of the Group
 
could 
 
occur 
 
thr
ough 
 
n
on-delivery 
 
of 
 
purchased 
 
goods, 
refusal 
 
of 
 
the 
 
b
uyer 
 
to 
 
accept 
 
the 
 
s
old 
 
goods, 
 
non
-
compliance 
 
with 
 
contractual 
 
terms 
 
and 
 
conditions 
concerning 
 
the 
 
quantity, 
 
range,
 
 
completeness, 
 
quality 
 
or 
other 
 
character
istics 
 
of 
 
the 
 
goods, 
 
inaccuracies 
 
in 
 
t
he 
procedures of the
 companies of the
 Group or of outs
ourced 
service 
 
provi
ders, 
 
failure 
 
t
o 
 
ensure 
 
a
 
 
due 
 
pr
ocess, 
 
an
d 
criminal operation of part
ies to a transaction.
 
A credit risk in 
the activities of the 
companies of the Group 
could 
 
occur 
 
through 
 
the 
 
s
ale 
 
of 
 
g
oods 
 
with 
 
deferred
 
payment, 
 
lending 
 
m
oney, 
 
payment
 
 
of 
 
an 
 
advance 
 
f
or 
 
the 
future delivery of 
goods or services, extension of 
an overdue 
payment term, etc.
 
To 
manage 
the 
potential 
imp
act 
of 
a 
trade 
and 
cre
dit 
risk,
 
the employees of the co
mpanies of the Group:
 
-  Conduct  a 
 
thorough  screening  of  c
ustomers  prior 
 
t
o 
st
arting 
 
tra
de  operations 
 
and  assesses 
 
the 
 
a
vailability  of 
additional security at the
 start of the cooperation;
 
- 
Obs
erve 
t
he 
cred
it 
limi
t 
valu
es 
set for 
the 
trade 
operations 
of 
 
the 
 
companies 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Gr
oup, 
 
perform 
 
continuous
 
customer monitoring, an
d make use 
of insurance options;
 
- 
 
E
nsure 
 
c
ontrol 
 
over
 
 
activ
ities 
 
of 
 
outsourced 
 
service 
providers; 
- Properly document the execution of trade operations and
 
other procedures;
 
- Etc. 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group 
 
managed 
 
the 
 
risk 
 
in 
 
an 
 
orderly 
 
manner, 
 
s
ignificant 
financial  impact  or  above 
 
r
egular  default  rates  were 
 
not 
observed.
 
The  manifestatio
n  of  this  r
isk  is  closel
y  related  to  t
he 
market 
risk 
aspects 
an
d i
n 
some 
cases 
can 
be 
provoke
d 
by 
them. 
 
H
owever, 
 
th
e 
 
Gr
oup 
 
estimates 
 
the 
 
probability 
 
of
 
occurrence  of  trade  and  credit  risk  in  future  periods  as 
moderate, 
due 
to the 
long-ter
m 
experience
 
of th
e 
s
taff 
of
 
the 
companies 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
a
nd 
 
the 
 
thorough 
 
scr
eening 
 
and 
control activities carried
 out. 
 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44
 
 
 
 
44
 
7.3. POLITICAL
 RISKS 
 
In 
t
he 
Eu
ropean 
Union, 
agriculture 
is 
a
 
highly 
re
gulated 
and 
supervised 
industry. 
A
lthough 
this 
regula
tion 
and supervision
 
is 
aimed 
at
 
ensuring 
a
 
suffici
ent 
income 
for 
those 
enga
ged 
in  agricultural  activities,  political  changes
  may  affect  the 
situation in the 
market in which 
the Group operates. Political 
risks could arise from the 
reduction
 
of agricultural subsidie
s, 
the 
tig
htening 
o
f 
fina
ncial 
a
ssistance-r
elated 
req
uirements 
(which 
 
woul
d 
 
have 
 
a
 
 
negative 
 
impact 
 
not 
 
only
 
 
on 
 
th
e 
activities 
of 
agricultural 
co
mpanies 
manage
d 
by 
the 
Group, 
but 
a
lso 
on 
the 
enterprises 
supplying 
those 
companies), 
as 
well 
as 
the 
adoption
 
polit
ical 
decisions 
such 
as 
embargoes, 
quotas, import or export
 bans. 
To 
 
minimize
 
 
the 
 
co
nsequences 
 
of 
 
suc
h 
 
risks, 
 
the 
employees 
 
of 
 
the  co
mpanies 
 
of 
 
the  Gr
oup 
 
monitor 
 
the 
economic 
situation 
in 
Lithuania 
and 
a
ll 
other 
countries 
with 
which 
they 
trade 
and 
ass
ess 
possible 
c
hanges 
that
 
would
 
result from certain political
 decisions.
 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group encountered po
litical risk. 
Following 
Russia's invasion 
of 
 
Ukraine, 
 
sanctions
 
 
i
mposed 
 
on
 
 
Russia 
 
by
 
 
countries 
‘unfriendly’ 
to 
th
e 
r
egime 
ha
ve 
led 
to 
further 
disr
uptions 
in 
supply 
 
chains  worldwide  (already  seen 
 
i
n 
 
the  COVID
-19 
pandemic). 
 
S
upply 
 
restrictions  imposed 
 
by  the 
 
aggr
essor 
prior to 
the 
outbreak 
of h
ostilities a
lso had
 a 
primary 
impact 
on changes in supply and
 prices. 
Having in 
mind high geopolitical uncertainty, the 
probability 
of 
 
the 
 
occurrence 
 
of 
 
political 
 
risks 
 
to 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
in 
 
futur
e 
periods is assessed as m
oderate. 
 
7.4. HR RISKS
 
 
The 
ability 
of 
t
he 
Gr
oup 
to 
maintain 
a
 
competitive 
posit
ion 
and  implement  its  growth  strategy  is  determined  by  the 
experience  and  knowledge  of 
 
the  management.  Loss  of 
employees 
 
a
nd/or 
 
inability 
 
to 
 
hire 
 
n
ew 
 
employees 
 
with
 
relevant 
 
knowledg
e 
 
may 
 
adverse
ly 
 
a
ffect 
 
the 
 
busi
ness 
prospects 
 
and 
 
financial 
 
posi
tion 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Gro
up. 
 
HR
-relate
d 
risks 
in 
the 
activities 
of 
the 
companies 
of 
the 
Gr
oup 
cou
ld 
also  be  enc
ountered  in  connec
tion  with  the  con
fidential 
information 
 
available 
 
to
 
 
the 
 
staff 
 
members, 
 
the 
 
d
ecisions 
made 
 
by 
 
the 
 
s
taff, 
 
the 
 
re
sponsibility 
 
granted
 
 
to 
 
the 
 
staff 
members 
 
bas
ed 
 
o
n 
 
their 
 
r
ights 
 
an
d 
 
duties,
 
 
im
properly 
designed employee m
otivation systems, etc.
 
To manage HR Risks:
 
-  Non-com
pete  agreements
  have  be
en  concluded 
 
with 
certain executives of
 the Group; 
- 
Requirements 
an
d 
resp
onsibility 
concern
ing 
the 
storage
 
of confidential informat
ion are set for employe
es; 
- The motivational syst
em is developed, etc.
 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group did not encounter
 these risks. 
 
The pr
obability 
of 
the 
occurrence 
o
f 
the 
HR r
isks 
in f
uture 
periods is assessed as 
low. 
 
7.5. FUNDING AND 
LIQUIDITY RISKS
 
 
Examples  of  funding 
 
and  liquidity  risks  include  funding 
supply 
 
risk, 
 
lack 
 
of 
 
liquidity, 
 
s
hort-term
 
 
i
nvestment 
 
risk
, 
foreign exchange risk, 
interest rate risk, etc.
 
Information 
 
o
n 
 
the 
 
financial
 
 
risk 
 
manage
ment 
 
objective
s 
and 
 
used 
 
hedging 
 
i
nstruments 
 
that 
 
a
re 
 
su
bject 
 
to 
 
hed
ge 
accounting, 
as 
well 
as 
the 
informa
tion 
on 
the 
extent 
of 
the 
price 
risk
, 
credit 
risk, 
liqui
dity 
risk
 
and 
ca
sh 
flow 
risk 
arisin
g 
for 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
when 
 
t
he 
 
Group 
 
makes 
 
use 
 
of 
 
f
inancial 
instruments, 
all 
of which 
is 
important i
n 
a
ssessing 
the 
ass
ets, 
equity, 
 
liabilities, 
 
income 
 
and 
 
expenses 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Group, 
 
a
re 
disclosed 
 
in 
 
Note  
31
 
 
to 
 
the 
 
Financia
l 
 
Statements 
 
of 
 
the 
Group for the FY 202
2/2023. 
 
 
 
 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group did not encounter
 these risks. 
 
In 
the 
opinion of 
th
e 
Group, 
the probability 
of occurrence of 
funding a
nd 
liquidity 
risks 
in f
uture per
iods is
 low/mo
derate 
due 
to 
the 
an
nual 
cr
edit 
limits 
set 
by 
the 
Gr
oup, 
significant 
diversification 
 
of 
 
bank 
 
f
inancing 
 
sources, 
 
and 
 
hedging 
instruments used. The most significant impact in the coming 
financial 
year 
is 
ex
pected 
to 
be 
due 
to 
the 
active 
monetary
 
policy of the central banks an
d the increase in the interban
k 
interest 
rate,
 
however, 
it
 
should 
be 
noted 
that 
the 
Gr
oup's 
management 
 
has
 
 
con
sidered 
 
the 
 
impact
 
 
of 
 
this 
 
factor 
 
in 
advance 
in 
t
he 
formulation 
of 
the 
bu
dget 
for th
e 
coming 
year 
and does not anticipate a ma
terial negative impact.
 
 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45
 
 
 
 
45
 
7.6. RISKS O
F CHANGE IN 
BIOLOGICAL ASSETS
, CLI
MATE 
RISKS
 
The 
risk 
o
f 
change 
in
 
biological 
asse
ts 
used 
in
 
the 
operatio
ns 
of 
the 
Group 
(cattle, 
birds 
an
d 
crops) 
is 
related 
t
o 
improper
 
maintenance  of  bio
logical  assets,  possib
le  out-br
eaks  of 
diseases, a
nd 
other fact
ors t
hat may 
cause 
the 
loss 
of s
uch 
assets. 
To 
minimize 
potential 
losses 
relating 
to 
the 
risk 
of 
chan
ge 
in 
biological 
assets,
 
the 
emplo
yees 
of 
the 
compan
ies 
of 
the 
Group mon
itor the 
condition 
of the
 soil, us
e plant
 protection 
products a
nd fertiliz
ers, caref
ully co
ntrol the 
quality 
of ca
ttle 
and 
 
p
oultry 
 
feed, 
 
con
tinuously 
 
improve 
 
ani
mal 
 
housing
 
conditions, 
apply 
infection 
 
pr
evention 
measur
es 
and 
make 
use of insurance options.
 
 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group 
did 
not 
e
ncounter 
t
hese 
ri
sks. 
However, 
severe 
 
dr
y 
weather 
conditions
 
in 
4
th
 
quarter 
have 
indicated
 
increasing 
risk related to climate chan
ge.  
In 
 
the 
 
opinion 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Group, 
 
although 
 
the 
 
probability 
 
of
 
occurrence 
of 
the 
risk 
of
 
change 
in 
biological 
assets
 
in 
future
 
periods 
 
is 
 
low 
 
due 
 
to 
 
the 
 
systems 
 
imp
lemented 
 
in 
 
the 
companies 
of th
e 
Group 
and a 
strict
 
con
trol, 
it is 
stil
l 
pos
sible 
to 
 
encounter  such 
 
risk  in 
 
c
ase 
 
of 
 
extremely
  unfavorable 
weather conditions inde
pendently of the Group’s acti
ons.
 
7.7. SECURIT
Y RISKS 
 
The 
security 
risk 
could 
be 
encountered 
by 
the 
Group 
due 
to 
informati
on 
technology 
 
securit
y 
vulnerabilities, 
 
malwar
e, 
viruses, 
 
illegal
 
 
and 
 
criminal 
 
activities 
 
of
 
 
third 
 
parties 
encroaching 
 
on 
 
the 
 
informat
ion 
 
syst
ems 
 
in 
 
order 
 
to 
 
seize
 
information 
 
and 
 
steal
 
 
funds. 
 
This 
 
risk 
 
may 
 
also 
 
be 
encountered 
in 
the 
c
ourse 
of 
storage 
and 
archiving 
of 
copi
es 
of 
electronic 
and 
written 
docume
nts, a
nd 
when ca
rrying 
out 
the protection and 
surveillanc
e 
of the premises and the 
area 
of the companies of the
 Group. 
In order 
to ma
nage th
e secur
ity risks 
within t
he Grou
p, the 
installation of 
antivirus progra
ms, 
archiving 
digital and pa
per 
documents 
in 
a
ccordance 
with 
the
 
established 
rules 
a
nd 
with 
the assistance of third
 parties, and installation of off
ice
 
 
environment 
 
surveillance 
 
systems 
 
are 
 
carried 
 
out 
 
and 
updated on a regular basi
s. 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group 
encounter
ed
 
the 
risk 
whe
n 
Group 
compan
y 
website 
was 
attacked 
by 
unfriendly 
c
ounterparties. 
However, 
timely 
action was taken, the websites as 
such are not 
a crucial part 
of Group’s IT infrastruc
ture. 
 
In 
the 
opinion of 
th
e 
Group, 
the probability 
of occurrence of 
safety 
 
risks  in 
 
future  periods 
 
is  low 
 
due  to 
 
the
 
 
syst
ems 
implemented 
 
in 
 
the 
 
compa
nies 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
and
 
 
strict 
controls.
 
7.8. CONSUMPT
ION 
PATTERNS AND 
TECHNOLOG
ICAL CHANGE 
RISKS
 
The 
risks 
posed 
by 
changes 
in 
consumption 
patterns
 
a
nd 
technology  are
  related  both
  to  t
emporary  trends  a
nd  to 
consistent 
 
changes 
 
caused
 
 
b
y 
 
increased 
 
education 
 
and 
better living conditions o
r scientific progress.
 
To 
ma
nage 
these
 
risks, 
the 
companies
 
of 
the 
Gr
oup 
t
hat 
produce, 
p
repare 
and 
sell 
agri
cultural 
and food 
products, and 
supply 
 
goods 
 
and
 
 
provid
e 
 
se
rvices 
 
to 
 
farmers 
 
perf
orm 
ongoing 
 
monitoring 
 
of 
 
market 
 
trends, 
 
sustainabil
ity, 
consumer 
 
value
 
 
and 
 
functionality 
 
perspectives, 
 
asses
s 
changes 
in
 
supply 
and 
d
emand, 
analyze 
new 
products 
an
d 
market penetration of suc
h products.
 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group did not encounter
 these risks. 
 
In 
the 
opinion of 
th
e 
Group, 
the probability 
of occurrence of 
these 
risks 
in 
future 
periods 
 
is 
low 
 
due 
 
to 
the 
continuou
s 
promotion 
 
of
 
 
innovation 
 
and 
 
th
e 
 
first 
 
necessity 
 
an
d 
 
high
-
ener
gy value
 product. 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46
 
 
 
 
46
 
7.9. REPUTAT
ION RISKS 
 
Reputation risks are related t
o the image of the Group and 
the  companies  managed  by 
 
the
  Group 
 
in
 
 
t
he  course  of 
building 
 
and 
 
maintaining 
 
relationships 
 
with 
 
employees, 
suppliers, customers and
 the public.
 
To 
prevent 
the 
occurrence 
of
 
these ri
sks, 
the 
actions 
of 
the 
companies 
 
of 
 
th
e 
 
Group 
 
must 
 
comply 
 
with 
 
the 
 
values 
represented, 
the 
mission 
and
 
vision 
set, 
as 
well 
as 
correlate 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Code 
of 
Business 
E
thics 
and 
social 
responsibility 
objectives 
of 
the 
Group. 
An
y 
deviatio
ns 
from 
the 
above 
could lead 
to 
a di
minished trust 
in 
the Group 
by i
ts 
partners, more complicat
ed supply or lower dema
nd for
 
 
products, 
as 
well 
a
s 
re
duced 
attractiveness 
of
 
t
he 
Gr
oup’s 
companies as employ
ers. 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group did not encounter
 these risks.
 
In 
the 
opinion of 
th
e 
Group, 
the probability 
of occurrence of 
these 
risks 
in f
uture perio
ds i
s low
 
due 
to t
he sta
ndards 
set 
by 
the 
Gro
up 
a
nd 
th
e 
resp
onsibility 
in 
ap
plying 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Code 
of 
Business 
Eth
ics 
a
nd 
performing 
its 
conte
nt 
revisions and complianc
e checks.
 
 
7.10. RISKS 
RELATED WIT
H 
INVESTMENT
 PROJECT 
MANAGEMENT
 
 
While 
expandi
ng 
existing 
or
 
introducing 
new 
business 
l
ines, 
Group 
 
co
mpanies 
 
an
d 
 
ma
nagement 
 
initiate 
 
i
nvestment 
projects, 
 
w
hich 
 
i
n 
 
most
 
cases 
 
r
equire 
 
specific 
 
knowledge,
 
involves third 
parties, bringing
 significant 
technological, 
time 
management, cost over
run or similar risks.
 
To manage these risks Group
 uses extensive planning and 
forecasting 
 
procedures, 
 
where 
 
ava
ilable 
 
using 
 
external 
consultancy. 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Compan
y 
 
a
nd 
 
the 
Group 
 
managed 
 
the 
 
risk 
 
without 
 
any 
 
ma
jor 
 
i
mpact 
 
on 
activities.
 
 
7.11. NON-C
OMPLIANCE 
RISKS 
 
Existing 
pr
od
uct 
and 
service 
portfolio 
of 
Group 
companies
 
require 
certain licensing, 
certifications, technical 
assurances, 
etc. Non-compliance
 with the aforemen
tioned requirements, 
can 
translate 
into 
si
gnificant 
financial 
losses 
due 
to 
b
oth 
–
 
material 
 
fines
 
 
(regulatory 
 
pe
rspective), 
 
as 
 
well 
 
as
 
 
loss
 
 
of 
markets, 
 
trust 
 
in
 
 
the 
 
pr
ovider 
 
o
f 
 
the 
 
pro
duct/service 
(behavioral perspective).
 
To manage 
these 
risks 
Grou
p establishes
 policies, 
interna
l 
procedures 
 
a
nd 
 
control 
 
mechanism,
 
 
which 
 
are 
 
u
pdated 
regularly 
to 
be 
of 
highest 
quali
ty 
as 
well 
as 
com
pliant 
to 
latest
 
regulation and laws.
 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group 
managed 
 
th
e 
risk 
 
without 
 
a
ny 
maj
or 
impact 
on 
 
th
e 
activities. 
 
 
7.12. SUPPLIER, SO
URCING 
RISK, LOSS OF 
PARTNERSHIPS
 
 
Delivering 
 
the 
 
r
esults 
 
in 
 
all 
 
the
 
 
business
 
 
lines, 
 
Gro
up 
companies 
 
are 
 
highly 
 
d
ependent 
 
on 
 
it’s 
 
suppliers 
 
and 
partners 
in 
v
arious 
sec
tors 
a
nd 
geograp
hies. 
Discontinue
d 
cooperation 
 
in 
 
som
e 
 
cases
 
 
might 
 
translate 
 
into 
 
los
t 
 
time,
 
differences 
in 
final 
product 
outcome 
or 
overall 
spectrum 
of
 
the offering.
 
To 
 
manag
e 
 
t
hese 
 
risk
s 
 
Group  establishes  strategies 
 
to
 
manage 
 
supplier 
 
c
oncentration, 
 
diversifies 
 
cust
omer 
 
ba
se
. 
Extensive 
supply 
c
hain 
planning 
i
s 
performed 
with 
a
lternative 
suppliers, routes or su
bstitutes. 
 
In 
 
the 
 
fina
ncial 
 
year 
 
2
022/2023, 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
and 
 
the 
Group 
managed 
 
th
e 
risk 
 
without 
 
a
ny 
maj
or 
impact 
on 
 
th
e 
activities.
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
47
 
 
 
 
47
 
7.13. OCCUPATIO
NAL 
HEALTH AND
 SAFETY 
MISMANAGEME
NT RISKS 
 
Production 
 
activity
 
 
in 
 
mills, 
 
elevators,
 
 
factories, 
slaughterhouses, 
ba
king 
and 
other 
units 
inc
ludes 
various 
r
isk 
factors 
 
for 
 
G
roup 
 
empl
oyees. 
 
M
ismanagement 
 
of 
occupational 
 
heal
th 
 
and 
 
sa
fety 
 
risks
 
 
can 
 
cause 
 
variou
s 
incidents, 
ph
ysical 
trauma, 
long-term 
disabil
ity, 
or 
even
 
death.
 
To  ma
nage  these
  risks
,  Gr
oup  establ
ishes 
 
th
e  highes
t 
standard 
h
ealth 
and 
sa
fety 
r
ules 
and 
pr
ocedures, 
provides 
employees 
with 
q
uality 
a
nd 
n
ecessary 
means 
for 
work, 
an
d 
prepares the safe
 workplace. 
In 
the 
financial 
year 
2
022/2023, 
the 
Grou
p 
unfortunately
 
failed  in  managing  the  risk
;  please  refer  to  the  
Gro
up’s 
Sustainability Repor
t for further details.
 
 
 
7.14. RISK O
F NOT 
REACHING ESG T
ARGETS
 
 
Group’s 
 
sustai
nability 
 
repo
rt 
 
2021/2022
 
 
es
tablish
es
 
commitment 
 
to 
 
deliver
 
 
progress 
 
in 
 
al
l 
 
t
he 
 
areas 
 
of 
 
the 
sustainability
, 
 
stating  economic, 
 
envir
onmental, 
 
s
ocial 
 
and 
governance 
KPIs
 
in
 
5-year 
h
orizon. 
 
Failure 
to 
reach
 
the 
targets 
w
ould 
m
ean 
failur
e 
to 
meet 
th
e 
expectat
ions 
of 
our 
key 
stakeholders,
 
which 
could 
to
 
a 
higher 
or 
lower 
 
extent
, 
limit future partnership
 with the Group.
 
To 
 
manage 
 
t
hese 
 
r
isks, 
 
Group 
 
regularly 
 
revises 
 
the 
progress and targ
ets, assesses th
e results and
 makes plans 
going 
forward. 
Pa
rt 
of 
a
chieving 
the 
goals 
is 
connected 
to 
technological  advance
  and  investment  need
,  where  bot
h 
depend on the 
ma
rket
 or financial position of the Gr
oup. 
 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
48
 
 
 
 
48
 
8.
 
STRATEGIC GOALS 
 
The 
overall 
strategy
 
of 
the 
Group 
is 
to 
grow 
profitably 
and
 
sustainably, 
to 
dev
elop 
all 
key 
activities 
an
d 
to 
achieve 
sy
nergi
es 
betwe
en 
business 
areas. 
The 
group's 
long-term 
strategic 
goals 
wer
e 
to 
achieve 
an 
operating 
profit 
margin 
of 
at 
least 
3% 
and 
a
 
re
turn 
on 
capital employed in the
 company's operations (R
OCE) of at 
least 
12
%.
 
 
Target
 
2021/2022
 
2022/2023
 
Long term objec
tive 
Operational efficiency  
5.47% 
2.07 % 
Operating profit margin >/=3%   
Optimal return on capital 
18.97% 
7.03 % 
Return on capital employed 
(ROCE) >/=12% 
Sustainable debt level 
1.90 
4.18 
RMI adjusted Net financial debt / 
EBITDA </= 4.0   
Target level of EBITDA 
132,173 
67,318 
EBITDA >/= 70,000 
–
 90,000 
thousand EUR 
Creating shareholder value 
6.00% 
0.00 % 
Dividends paid within financial 
year to net profit of the previous 
financial year >/= 20 % 
L/T strategic diversification in 
activities 
Revenue split*: 
*Percentages do not add up to 100 due to activity between segments
 
 
Grain, Oilseed, and Feed: 62% 
Products and Services for 
Farming: 20% 
Agricultural Production: 2% 
Food Products: 18% 
Other Activities: 2% 
Grain, Oilseed, and Feed: 61% 
Products and Services for 
Farming: 21% 
Agricultural Production: 3% 
Food Products: 21% 
Other Activities: 1% 
Grain, Oilseed, and Feed: 45% 
Products and Services for 
Farming: 20% 
Agricultural Production: <2% 
Food Products: 30% 
Other Activities: <2% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2021
/
2022
 
2022
/
2023
 
A long-term persp
ective 
62%
20%
2%
18%
2%
45%
20%
<
2%
30%
<
2%
61%
21%
3%
21%
1%
Grain, Oilseed, and Feed
 
Products and Services for Farming
Agricultural Production
 
Food Products
Other Activities

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
49
 
 
 
 
49
 
By carrying out activ
ities in each of the f
ive main operating 
segments, 
t
he 
Group 
sets 
s
eparate 
targe
ts 
to 
a
chieve 
t
he 
objectives applicable to
 respective segments.
 
 
GRAIN, OILSEED A
ND FEED
 
 
The objective of the Group’s manageme
nt is to sustainably 
export 
grain from 
the B
altic States 
i
n 
order to
 
achieve higher 
profitability 
in 
this 
activity. 
When 
ass
essing 
achievements
 in
 
the 
 
segment, 
 
the 
 
follow
ing 
 
i
s 
 
cons
idered: 
 
the 
 
ratio 
 
of 
 
the
 
volume 
of 
grain 
purchased 
i
n 
the 
Grou
p’s 
elevators
 
to 
the
 
volume 
 
of 
 
harvest
 
 
in 
 
the 
 
region 
 
(ta
rget: 
 
>/= 
 
7 
 
percent),
 
segment’s operating profit margin 
(target: >/= 1.5 percent), 
etc. 
 
PRODUCTS AND 
SERVICES FOR 
FARMING 
 
 
The 
key 
ta
sk 
in 
t
his 
seg
ment 
is 
to 
gr
ow 
profitably, 
while 
ensuring 
acceptable 
earnings 
for 
the 
farmer.
 
A
lso, 
to
 
look
 
f
or 
and 
offer 
to 
t
he 
mark
et 
solutions 
t
hat 
help 
plants 
ada
pt 
to
 
changing 
 
cl
imatic 
 
co
nditions. 
 
To
 
 
have 
 
one 
 
of 
 
the 
 
be
st 
agricultural 
 
machinery 
 
servicing 
 
n
etworks 
 
in
 
 
the 
 
Baltic 
States. 
 
To 
 
d
evelop 
 
the 
 
inve
stment 
 
in 
 
Ge
oFace 
 
and 
 
offer 
modern 
solutions to
 farmer
s with 
sma
rt 
technologies. 
When 
assessing 
 
achievements  in 
 
the 
 
segment,  the 
 
following  is 
considered: 
the market 
share of
 new t
ractors and 
combines
 
(target: 
 
TOP 
 
3 
 
position 
 
i
n 
 
each 
 
cou
ntry 
 
of 
 
op
eration), 
segment’s 
operating 
pr
ofit 
ma
rgin 
(target: 
>/
= 
5 
percent), 
etc. 
 
AGRICULTURAL 
PRODUCTION
 
 
The de
velopment of 
this area 
of 
a
ctivity is 
limi
ted 
by 
the 
area 
of 
 
ma
naged 
 
land, 
 
therefore, 
 
the 
 
respective 
 
strategi
c 
objectives 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
are 
 
to 
 
f
urther 
 
increase 
 
the 
productivity 
 
of
  crop 
 
a
nd  dairy 
 
fa
rms  and
  to 
 
e
xpand  th
e 
volume 
of raw 
milk producti
on through 
the 
modernization 
of 
production 
 
proc
esses 
 
and 
 
cow 
 
herd 
 
expansi
on. 
 
When
 
assessing 
 
achievements  in 
 
the 
 
segment,  the 
 
following  is 
taken 
into 
a
ccount: 
milk 
yield (target: 
>/=
12 
thousand 
kg of 
milk 
per 
year 
per 
cow), 
yields 
of 
va
rious 
cereals
 
(winter 
wheat 
average 
 
yield 
 
target: 
 
>/=7.
2 
 
tons 
 
per 
 
hectare 
 
of 
 
cro
p, 
EBITDA 
gained 
per 
one 
hectare 
planted 
(target: 
>/= 
EUR 
300), etc. 
 
 
 
 
 
FOOD PRODUCT
S 
 
The  objective  of  the  management  of  the  Group  is  the 
efficient management of 
the companies
 in the segment and
 
further 
 
devel
opment 
 
of 
 
poultry 
 
fa
rming 
 
capaciti
es 
 
through
 
the 
 
modernization
 
 
and 
 
automation 
 
of 
 
packaging,
 
refrigeration, 
and 
logistics 
solutions, 
a
s 
well 
as 
reduc
tion 
of 
gas 
 
consumpt
ion 
 
in 
 
poultry 
 
farming 
 
facilities. 
 
W
hen 
assessing 
 
achievements  in 
 
the 
 
segment,  the 
 
following  is 
taken 
into 
accou
nt: 
brand 
awarene
ss 
regarding 
the 
brands 
represented 
 
(targ
et: 
 
to 
 
r
emain 
 
No.
 
 
1 
 
in 
 
the 
 
La
tvian
 
 
& 
Lithuanian 
 
ma
rket), 
 
poultry 
 
farmi
ng 
 
without 
 
usage 
 
of
 
antibiotics 
 
(target: 
 
100% 
 
rai
sed 
 
an
tibiotic-fr
ee), 
 
operating 
profit margin (target: >/
= 3.5 percent), etc.
 
The  objective  of  the 
 
ma
nagement  of  th
e  Group  in  the
 
segment 
 
of 
 
grain-
based 
 
fo
od 
 
is 
 
to 
 
mainta
in 
 
lead
ership 
 
of 
branded 
products in
 the 
Baltic 
states, 
expa
nd and 
capitalize
 
on 
private 
label 
pro
duction 
for 
ex
port. 
The 
emphasis
 
for 
the
 
upcoming 
 
year 
 
goes 
 
to 
 
im
plementation 
 
of 
 
the 
 
investment
 
and 
 
expansion 
 
projects 
 
wh
ich 
 
wil
l 
 
furt
her 
 
i
ncrease 
 
t
he 
earning 
capacity 
of 
the 
s
egment. 
A 
sp
ecial 
interest 
will 
be 
designated  towards 
 
acq
uisitions 
 
in  the 
 
sector 
 
with  wider 
scope 
 
than 
 
Baltics. 
 
When 
 
a
ssessing 
 
achievem
ents 
 
of 
 
t
he 
segment  special  at
tention  is  be
ing  brought  to  o
perating 
margin (target: >/
= 4 percent
).
 
 
OTHER ACTIVITIE
S 
 
The 
busin
esses 
in
 
this 
segment 
are 
not 
sign
ificant 
in 
the
 
context 
of
 
the 
Group, 
and
 
c
onsequently, 
due 
t
o 
their
 
small
 
size, their profitability is often lower th
an that of competitors. 
The Group's 
management's objective is 
to find 
a 
competitiv
e 
advantage 
 
(e.g., 
 
ex
panding 
 
pro
duction 
 
of 
 
higher
 
 
mar
gin 
premium 
products, increasing 
brand 
awaren
ess, 
ma
intaining, 
and 
 
expanding 
 
supplier 
 
representation 
 
contracts, 
 
a
nd 
achieving 
the 
righ
t 
scale, 
ensuring 
a
n 
efficient 
result 
fro
m 
the 
activities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
50
 
 
 
 
50
 
9.
 
AUTHORIZED 
CAPITAL AND 
SHARES OF THE 
COMPANY 
 
1 
December 
2022, 
the 
authorized capital 
of
 
A
B 
Linas 
Agro 
Group was 
increased
 
an
d 
registered 
in 
the 
Register of 
Leg
al 
Entities. 
The 
 
Compan
y's 
 
authorized
 
 
capital 
 
was 
 
increase
d 
 
by 
 
the 
amount 
 
of 
 
EUR 
 
200,5
45.15 
 
by 
 
issuing 
 
691,53
5 
 
new 
ordinary 
 
r
egistered 
 
uncertificated 
 
shares 
 
of 
 
the 
 
C
ompany 
with a 
nominal 
value 
of 
EUR 
0.29 
each an
d a 
grant 
price 
of 
EUR 0.705 each.
 
The 
 
to
tal  i
ssue 
 
price  of 
 
all 
 
th
e 
 
new
  shar
es 
 
wa
s  E
UR 
487,532.18, 
 
of 
 
which 
 
EUR  2
00,545.15 
 
was 
 
the 
 
nomi
nal 
value 
of 
t
he 
new 
s
hares, 
and 
EUR 
286,987.03 
wa
s 
the 
s
hare 
premium. 
The 
n
ew 
shares 
were 
issued
 
to 
exercise 
a 
portion 
of 
the 
options 
gra
nted 
t
o 
the 
Group's 
employees 
and/or 
d
irectors 
in 2018, 
with the 
new shares be
ing granted 
gratuitously and 
paid 
 
for 
 
b
y 
 
the 
 
Compa
ny 
 
out 
 
o
f 
 
the  Company's 
 
treasury 
share reserve.
 
 
Details of the Compa
ny's shares at 3
0 June 
202
3: 
 
Share type 
Ordinary registered shares
 
ISIN 
LT0000128092
 
Nominal, EUR 
0.29 
Total number of shares
 
161,085,933 
The authorized capital
 of the Company, EUR
 
46,714,920.57
 
Own shares acquired 
by the Company
 
7
37
,972 
The total number of the O
ption Shares
 
6,
263,966  
 
 
All 
the 
shares 
of 
the 
Compa
ny 
are 
f
ully 
paid, 
and 
they 
a
re 
not 
s
ubject 
to 
any 
restrictions of 
the 
transfer 
of 
sec
urities. 
A
ll 
shares 
 
issued 
 
b
y 
 
the 
 
Com
pany 
 
grant 
 
equal 
 
rights  to
 
 
the 
Company’s 
 
s
hareholders. 
 
Compan
y 
 
has 
 
not 
 
issued 
 
a
ny 
shares 
 
of
 
a
 
class 
 
other
 
 
t
han 
 
the
 
aforementio
ned 
 
ordina
ry 
shares. Each 
ordinary share of 
the Company shall
 grant one
 
vote 
 
at 
 
the 
 
General 
 
Meeting 
 
of 
 
Shareholders
 
 
(exc
ept 
ordinary 
sha
res 
a
cquired 
by 
the 
Com
pany 
that 
d
o 
not 
give
 
the right to vote). Ne
ither limitations of
 the rights g
ranted by
 
the 
 
Company’s 
 
shares 
 
nor 
 
special 
 
con
trol 
 
rights 
 
for
 
shareholders 
ar
e 
provid
ed 
for 
in 
th
e 
Company’s
 
Articles 
of 
Association. 
Information 
on 
the 
Option 
Shares 
is
 
disclosed 
in 
Note 
30 
to the Financial Stateme
nts for the FY 2022/2
023.
 
The 
 
su
bsidiaries 
 
of 
 
th
e 
 
Com
pany 
 
have
 
not 
 
acquired 
 
any 
shares 
in
 the Co
mpany. 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
51
 
 
 
 
51
 
 
 
10.
 
TRADE IN THE 
COMPANY’S 
SECURITIES IN 
REGULATED 
MARKETS 
 
During 
the 
rep
orting 
p
eriod 
from 
1
 
Jul
y 
2
022 
to 
3
0 
June 
2023, 
all 
shares
 
of 
the 
Compa
ny 
were 
included 
in 
th
e 
Official 
List 
o
f 
AB
 
Na
sdaq 
Vi
lnius 
Stock 
Exchange 
(ISIN Code 
of 
the 
shares 
is
 
LT0000128092). 
The 
ticker 
of 
the 
sha
res 
on 
AB 
Nasdaq 
 
Vilnius 
 
Stock 
 
Exc
hange 
is 
 
LNA1L.
 
Trading 
 
in 
 
the 
Company’s 
shar
es 
on 
AB 
N
asda
q
 
Vilnius 
Stock
 
Exchange
 
started 
 
on 
 
17 
 
Februa
ry 
 
2010. 
 
O
n 
 
July 
 
24, 
 
2017,
 
 
t
he 
Company 
 
have 
 
sig
ned 
 
the
 
 
agree
ment 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Issuer’s 
securities accounti
ng management co
ntract with A
B Šiaulių 
Bankas, represented by the Securities Transacti
ons Division 
(code 
112025
25
4, a
ddress: 
Šeimyniškių
 St.
 
1A, L
T
-09312 
Vilnius). 
The 
secur
ities 
of 
the 
subsidiaries 
of 
the 
Company 
are 
no
t 
traded on regulated market
s.
 
10.1. TRADE I
N THE  
COMPANY’S SHA
RES
 
 
Information 
on the a
utomated 
exec
ution transactio
ns, pric
es 
of 
 
s
hares 
 
sold 
 
on 
 
AB
 
 
Na
sdaq 
 
Vilnius 
 
Stock 
 
E
xchange 
 
and 
turnovers 
 
during 
 
the 
 
period 
 
from 
 
1 
 
J
uly 
 
2022 
 
to
 
 
30 
 
Ju
ne 
2023: 
 
 
 
 
10.2. CAPITA
LIZATION OF 
THE  
COMPANY’S SHA
RES
 
 
 
 
 
 
Year and 
quarter
 
Price EUR 
Turnover EUR 
Last trading d
ays of the period
 
Total turnover
 
 
Opening 
Max
 
Average 
Min 
Max
 
Min 
Price EUR 
Turnover EUR 
Date 
Units 
EUR 
2022 III
 
1.
14
0 
1.
330
 
1.
239
 
1.
11
0 
371
,
321
 
1,
674
 
1.
300
 
24
,
283
 
30/9/2022
 
2,
004
,
109
 
2,
511
,
885
 
2022 IV
 
1.
30
0 
1.
360
 
1.
299
 
1.
25
0 
255
,
470
 
1,
342
 
1.
340
 
13
,
109
 
31/12/2022
 
1,
303
,
911
 
1,
697
,
191
 
2023 I
 
1.
35
0 
1.
730
 
1.
563
 
1.
34
0 
209
,
864
 
7,
024
 
1.
590
 
9,
815
 
31/3/2023
 
2,
171
,
057
 
3,
391
,
074
 
2023 II
 
1.
60
0 
1.
655
 
1.
499
 
1.
36
0 
514
,
368
 
2,
112
 
1.
370
 
3,
52
1 
30/6/2023
 
2,
123
,
437
 
3,
155
,
310
 
Date
 
 Capitalization. EUR
 
Share Price. EUR
 
30/9/2022
 
206
,
622
,
517
 
1.
300
 
31/12/2022
 
214
,
928
,
493
 
1.
340
 
31/3/2023
 
255
,
027
,
093
 
1.
590
 
30/6/2023
 
219
,
740
,
325
 
1.
370
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
52
 
 
 
 
52
 
10.3. AB LINA
S AGRO GROUP 
 
SHARE PRIC
E AND TURNOVER
 
 
Information 
on 
cha
nges 
i
n 
t
he 
price
s 
o
f 
Company’s 
shares
 
and 
turnover 
 
fr
om 
1/7/2018 
until 
 
the 
end 
 
of 
 
the 
reporting
 
period, 
 
i. 
 
e.  30  J
une  2023,
  is  pr
esented  in 
 
t
he  follow
ing 
diagram:  
 
 
 
Information on the 
fluctuations of 
the Company's share pri
ce 
and 
OMX 
Baltic 
Benchmark 
GI 
(OMXBBGI) 
and 
OM
X 
Baltic 
Vilnius 
GI 
(
OMXVGI) 
indices 
from 
1/1/2020 
unt
il 
the 
e
nd 
of 
the 
r
eporting 
perio
d, 
i. 
e. 
3
0 
J
une 
2023
, 
is
 
pres
ented 
in
 
the 
following diagram:
 
0
500 000
1 000 000
1 500 000
2 000 000
2 500 000
3 000 000
3 500 000
4 000 000
4 500 000
5 000 000
0,0
0,2
0,4
0,6
0,8
1,0
1,2
1,4
1,6
1,8
227%
148,55%
136%
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
250%
300%
350%
LNAL1
 
OMXBBGI
 
OMXVGI

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
53
 
 
 
 
53
 
 
11.
 
SHAREHOLDERS 
 
According to t
he list 
of shareholders
 pr
ovided by 
AB Linas 
Agro 
Grou
p 
securities
 
account 
operator 
AB
 
Šiaulių 
Bankas 
(data 
 
for 
 
the 
 
end 
 
of 
 
30 
 
June, 
 
2023), 
 
the 
 
number 
 
of 
Company‘s 
shareholders 
at 
the 
end 
of 
the 
reporting 
perio
d 
was 4,535. 
Shareholders 
 
of 
 
the
 
 
C
ompany 
 
have 
 
all 
 
the 
 
prop
erty 
 
a
nd 
non
-property 
rights 
specified 
i
n 
the 
Articles 
15 
and
 
16 
of 
the 
Law of the Republic of
 Lithuania on Companies.
 
There 
 
are 
 
no 
 
Co
mpany 
 
s
hareholders 
 
possessing 
 
special 
control 
 
rights; 
 
the 
 
Company’s 
 
ordinary 
 
non
-certificat
ed 
shares 
gra
nt 
equal 
rights 
t
o 
all 
s
harehold
ers 
of 
the 
Compa
ny. 
The Company does
 not have 
any further informati
on about 
any 
 
agreeme
nts 
 
between 
 
s
hareholders 
 
due 
 
to 
 
which  the 
shareholders’ and/or vot
ing rights might be limited.
 
11.1. SHARE
HOLDERS BY 
COUNTRY OF 
RESIDENCE 
AND LEGAL FORM
: 
 
Distribution of the Com
pany’s Shareholders by Coun
try of Residence and Legal
 Form as at 30 June 
2023
: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* Investors from the
 Baltic countries are cons
idered as local 
 
 
 
Investors
 
Number of share
s
 
Portion in the 
authorized capi
tal and 
voting rights. %
 
Non
-resident investors: 
111
,
598
,
281
 
69.28 
Companies
 
110
,
802
,
826
 
68.78 
Individuals
 
795
,
455
 
0.49 
Local investors*: 
49
,487,
652
 
30.72 
Companies
 
15
,544,
238
 
9.65 
Individuals
 
33
,943,
414
 
21.07 
Total 
161
,
085
,
933
 
100
 
78%
22%
Companies
 
Individuals
69%
31%
Non-resident investors
 
Local investors

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
54
 
 
 
 
54
 
 
The 
 
s
hareholders 
 
con
trolling 
 
mo
re 
 
than 
 
5% 
 
of
 
 
t
he 
Company’s shares an
d/or votes as at 
30 June, 2023:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12.
 
PROCEDURE FOR 
AMENDING THE 
COMPANY’S 
ARTICLES OF 
ASSOCIATION 
 
The 
 
Company’s 
 
Artic
les 
 
of 
 
Association 
 
shall 
 
be 
 
amen
ded 
exclusively 
by 
the 
general
 
meeting 
of 
shareholders
 
under 
the 
Law of 
the Republic of 
Lit
huania on 
Com
panies. 
Adoption of 
a 
decision to 
ame
nd 
the Company’s 
Articles of 
Association shall 
be 
 
t
he 
 
j
urisdiction 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Comp
any’s 
 
General 
 
Meeting 
 
of 
Shareholders subject to a qu
alified majority of 2/3 of vote
s of 
the 
 
s
hareholders 
 
participating 
 
in 
 
t
he 
 
Me
eting
, 
 
with 
 
the 
exception 
 
of 
 
ca
ses 
specified 
 
in
 
the 
 
Law 
 
of 
 
t
he 
Republic
 
of
 
Lithuania on Companies.
 
 
13.
 
ESSENTIAL 
AGREEMENTS TO 
WHICH THE COMPANY 
IS A PARTY
 
During the reporting peri
od, no essential
 agreements to 
which the Company is a 
party and which entered into force
 
were amended or expire
d in case of change in the co
ntrol of 
the Company were concl
uded. 
 
Number of share
s held
 
Portion in the 
 
authorized capit
al. %
 
Akola A
pS 
(public 
company, code 
25174
87
9,
 
registration address: 
Thistedvej 68, st., 9400 Norresundby, Denmark) 
 
 
109
,
909
,
167
 
68.23 
Darius Zubas   
17
,049,
995
 
10.58 
Investment 
 
and 
 
pension 
 
funds 
 
managed 
 
by 
 
UAB 
 
INVL 
 
Asset 
Management 
(private 
limited 
liability 
company, 
code 
126263073; 
registration address Gynėjų St. 14
, Vilnius, Lithuania) 
8,224,156 
5.11 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
55
 
 
 
 
55
 
 
14.
 
CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE 
 
The 
 
Company 
 
comp
lies 
 
with 
 
the 
 
company 
 
ma
nagement 
procedures 
stipulat
ed 
in 
the 
L
aw 
of 
the 
Rep
ublic 
of 
Lithuani
a 
on 
 
Companies. 
 
The 
 
Co
mpany 
 
com
plies 
 
with 
 
the 
 
ess
ential 
management 
 
princi
ples 
 
indicat
ed 
 
in 
 
the 
 
Corp
orate 
Governance  Code
  for  the  Companies  List
ed  on  Nasdaq 
Vilnius.  
The 
bodies 
 
of 
 
t
he 
 
Compan
y 
are 
the 
Genera
l 
M
eeting 
of 
Shareholders, 
 
the 
 
Sup
ervisory 
 
Board,
 
 
the 
 
Board 
 
of 
 
the 
Company, 
and 
the 
Head 
of 
the 
Com
pany 
(C
hief 
Ex
ecutive 
Officer).  
The m
embers 
of 
the 
bodies 
of AB 
Linas 
Agro 
G
roup 
have 
never 
 
be
en 
 
convicted
 
 
for 
 
the 
 
property
, 
 
management 
procedures and financial
 offences.
 
The detailed information on
 compliance with the 
Corporate 
Governance 
 
Code 
 
is 
 
disclos
ed 
 
in
 
Annex 
 
7 
 
of 
 
t
his 
 
Annu
al 
Report.
 
14.1. GENERAL 
MEETING 
OF SHAREH
OLDERS
 
 
The General Meeting of Shareholders is the supreme body 
of 
 
the 
 
Company. 
 
The  pr
ocedure 
 
for 
 
the 
 
c
onvening 
 
and 
organization 
of 
a 
General 
Meeting 
of 
Shareholders
, 
and 
fo
r 
passing 
decisio
ns 
is 
establis
hed 
i
n 
the 
Law 
on 
Compan
ies 
of the Republic of Lithua
nia. 
During 
the 
reporting 
period 
the 
annual 
general 
me
eting 
of 
shareholders  of 
 
th
e  Company  was  h
eld  on  October 
 
28,
 
2022, 
 
and 
 
was 
 
attended 
 
by
 
 
the 
 
shareholders 
 
of 
 
the 
Company 
 
holding
 
 
84.94% 
 
of 
 
a
ll 
 
v
oting 
 
shares
 
 
of 
 
the 
Company. 
 
14.2. THE MANA
GEMENT 
 
BOARD  
 
The 
Company’s
 
Mana
gement 
Board 
(the
 
B
oard) 
consists 
of 
six 
mem
bers 
elected 
for 
f
our 
y
ears 
period. 
The 
Board’s 
Chairman 
of 
the 
B
oard 
is 
also 
the 
Company
’s
 
Head 
(Chi
ef 
Executive Officer).
 
The 
previous 
B
oard 
adopted 
13 
Board 
decisions 
be
tween 
1 July 2022 and 28 
October
 2022, with 100% participation 
of Board members.
 
The 
New 
 
Board 
 
was 
 
elected 
 
for
 
 
a 
 
new 
 
term 
 
of 
 
4 
 
(fo
ur) 
years 
 
at 
 
the 
 
C
ompany’s 
 
Ordinary 
 
Ge
neral 
 
Meeting 
 
of
 
Shareholders 
 
on 
 
28 
 
October 
 
2
022. 
 
There
 
 
are 
 
no 
independent 
members 
on the 
new 
Board. Duri
ng the 
period 
from 
election 
to 
30 
June 
2023 
the 
New 
B
oard a
dopted 
10 
Board 
 
decisions 
 
wi
th 
 
100
% 
 
participatio
n 
 
of 
 
t
he 
 
Boa
rd 
members.
 
Composition of the Board
 as at 30 June 2023:
 
 
Name
 
Position  
within the Board
 
Cadence  
started
 
Cadence  
ends
 
Number of the Co
mpany’s 
shares held
 
Darius Zubas 
Chairman  
28/10/2022 
27/10/2026 
17
,049,
995
 
Andrius Pranckevičius
 
Vice Chairman  
28/10/2022 
27/10/2026 
155
,
745
 
Dainius Pilkauskas 
Member 
28/10/2022 
27/10/2026 
480
,
281
 
Mažvydas Šileika
 
Member  
28/10/2022 
27/10/2026 
1,100 
Arūnas Zubas
 
Member  
28/10/2022 
27/10/2026 
480
,
281
 
Jonas Bakšys
 
Member 
28/10/2022 
27/10/2026 
3,400,000 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
56
 
 
 
 
56
 
 
Darius Zubas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Darius Zubas 
–
 t
he principal founder of the Gr
oup.  
Graduated 
fr
om 
Veter
inary 
A
cademy 
of 
Lithuanian 
University 
of Health Sciences.
 
Serves as CEO at AB Linas
 Agro Group since
 1996.
 
 
Activities in other com
panies: 
 
 
Name, code, and ad
dress of legal en
tity 
Position  
Since 
 
Companies of the Group: 
 
 
 
 
UAB Dotnuva Seeds. 306313873, Tilto g. 2C, Dotnuva, 
Kėdaini
ai district, 
Li
thuania 
Member of the Board 
2023
 
AB Kauno G
rūdai
, 133818917, 
H. ir O. Minkovskių St. 63
, Kaunas, Lithuania 
Chairman of the Board 
2021
 
 
 
 
AB Vilniaus Paukštynas
, 186107463, Gamyklos St. 27, Rudamina, Vilnius district,
 
Lithuania 
Chairman of the Board 
2021
 
AB Kaišiadorių Paukštynas
, 158891218, 
Paukštininkų St. 15
, 
Kaišiadorys
, Lithuania 
Chairman of the Board 
2021
 
AB Zelvė
, 181323215, Tiesioji St. 21, 
Daučiuliškės vill.
, 
Elektrėnai munici
pality
, Lithuania 
Chairman of the Board 
2021
 
UAB Linas Agro Konsultacijos, 248520920, 
Žibuoklių St. 20
, 
Kėdainiai
, Lithuania 
Vice Chairman 
of the Board 
2020
 
UAB Dotnuva Baltic, 261415970, Parko St. 6,
 Akademija, 
Kėdai
niai 
district, Lithuania 
Member of the Board 
2019
 
SIA Lielzeltini, 40003205232, 
“Mazzeltini“
, Janeikas, Bauskas district, Latvia 
Chairman of the Council 
2015
 
AS Putnu Fabrika Kekava, 50003007411, Kekava, Kekava district, Latvia 
Chairman of the Council 
2014
 
AB Linas Agro, 147328026, 
Smėlynės St. 2C
-3, 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Chairman of the Board
 
2006
 
Other companies: 
 
 
UAB Darius Zubas Holding, 305363909, 
Subačiaus St. 5
, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Chairman of the Board 
2019
 
UAB MESTILLA, 
300097027
, K
retainio St. 5, 
Klaipėda
, Lithuania 
Chairman of the Board 
2006
 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
57
 
 
 
 
57
 
 
Andrius  
Pranckevičius 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Obtained a b
achelor’s degree in 
business administration and
 
a 
 
maste
r’s 
 
degree 
 
in 
 
ma
rketing 
 
management
 
 
at 
 
Kau
nas 
University 
 
of  Technology. 
 
Joined 
 
t
he  Gr
oup  in 
 
1999
 
 
and 
serves as Deputy CEO at
 AB Linas Agro Group
 since 2009.
 
 
Activities in other com
panies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name, code, and ad
dress of legal en
tity 
Position  
Since 
 
Companies of the Group: 
 
 
AB Kauno Grūdai, 133818917, H. ir O. Minkovskių St. 63, Kauna
s, Lithuania
 
CEO 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
2021
 
AB Vilniaus Paukštynas, 186107463, Gamyklos St. 27, 
Rudamina, Vilnius district, 
Lithuania 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
2021
 
AB Kaišiadorių Paukštynas, 158891218, Paukštininkų St. 15, Kaišiadorys, Lithuania
 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
2021
 
AB Zelvė, 181323215, Tiesioji St. 21, Daučiuliškės vill., Elektrėnai munici
pality, Lithu
ania
 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
2021
 
UAB Linas Agro Konsultacijos, 248520920, Žibuoklių St. 20
, Kėdainiai, Lithuania
 
Chairman of the Board 
2020
 
AS Putnu Fabrika Kekava, 50003007411, Kekava, Kekava distri
ct, Latvia
 
Chairman of the Board 
2015
 
SIA Lielzeltini, 40003205232, “Mazzeltini“, Janeikas, Bauskas di
strict, Latvia
 
Chairman of the Board 
2015
 
SIA Cerova, 43603019946, Centra St. 11, Musa, Cerauk
stes pa
r., Bauskas district, Latvia 
 
Chairman of the Board 
2015
 
SIA Broileks, 50103262981, Gaismas St. 2A-
48
, Kekava, Latvia
 
Chairman of the Board 
2015
 
Other companies:
 
 
 
Lithuanian Poultry Association, 120748664, 
Verkių 
St
. 5, Vilnius, Lithuania
 
Chairman of the Council  
 
2022
 
 
Latvian Poultry Association LAPNA, 50008102661, Republikas laukums 2, 
Rīga
, Latvia 
Member of the Council 
2021
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
58
 
 
 
 
58
 
 
Dainius Pilkauskas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Obtained 
a 
 
master’s
 
degr
ee 
i
n 
a
nimal 
science
 
 
at
 
Vet
erinary 
Academy of 
the 
Lithnoteuania
n 
University of 
H
ealth 
Sciences. 
Joined the Group in 19
91. 
 
Activities in other com
panies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name, code, and ad
dress of leg
al entity 
Position  
Since 
 
Companies of the Group:
 
 
 
UAB Linas Agro Grūdų 
Centrai, 148451131, 
Smėlynės St. 2C
, 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
2022
 
SIA Linas Agro, 53603019011, 
‘Baltijas Ceļš’
, 
Brankas, 
Cenu 
district, Jelgava municipality, 
Latvia 
Member of the Supervisory Council 
2020
 
AB Linas Agro, 
147328026, Smėlynės St. 2C
-
3, Panevėžys, Lithuania
 
Trade Director for Baltic States 
Member of the Board 
2006
 
 
2006
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
59
 
 
 
 
59
 
 
Mažvydas Šileika 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Graduated 
from 
 
t
he 
University 
 
of 
Leeds 
 
with
 
a
 
 
Bach
elor 
 
of 
Management 
degree 
a
nd 
fr
om 
City 
Universi
ty 
Londo
n 
Ba
yes 
Business 
School 
with 
a 
Master 
of 
Scienc
e 
(MSc)
 
degree
 
in 
Shipping. 
Comm
odity 
Trading
 
and 
Financ
e. 
Joined 
the 
Group 
in 
20
20 
and since 
then serve 
as 
CFO at 
AB 
Linas 
Agro 
Group. 
 
Activities in other com
panies: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name, code, and ad
dress of leg
al entity 
Position  
Since 
 
Companies of the Group:
 
 
 
UAB Kekava Foods LT, 304784428, 
Subačiaus 
St
. 5,
 Vilnius, 
Li
thuania 
Director 
2023
 
AS Putnu Fabrika Kekava, 50003007411, Kekava, Kekava distri
ct, Latvia
 
Member of the Supervisory Council 
2022
 
SIA Lielzeltini, 40003205232, “Mazzeltini“, Janeikas, Bauskas di
strict, Latvia
 
Member of the Supervisory Council 
2022
 
UAB TABA Holding, 304141581, 
Subačiaus St. 5
, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Director 
2021
 
UAB Kormoprom Invest, 
304141542
, 
S
ubačiaus St. 5
, Vilnius, Lithuania 
Director 
2021
 
AB Kauno Grūdai, 133818917, H. ir O. Minkovskių St. 63, Kauna
s, Lithuania
 
Member of the Board 
2021
 
AB Vilniaus Paukštynas, 186107463, Gamyklos St. 27, Rudamina, Vilnius district, 
Lithuania 
Member of the Board 
2021
 
AB Kaišiadorių Paukštynas, 158891218, Paukštininkų St. 15, Kaišiadorys, Lithuania
 
Member of the Board 
2021
 
AB Zelvė, 181323215, Tiesioji St. 21, Daučiuliškės vill., Elekt
rėnai municipality, Lithuania
 
Member of the Board 
2021
 
UAB Linas Agro Konsultacijos, 248520920, Žibuoklių St. 20
, Kėdainiai, Lithuania
 
Member of the Board 
2021
 
AB Linas Agro, 147328026, Smėlynės St. 2C
-
3, Panevėžys, Lithuania
 
Member of the Board 
2021
 
Other companies: 
 
 
UAB MESTILLA, 300097027, 
Kretainio St. 5, Klaipėda, Lithuania
 
Member of the Board 
2023
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
60
 
 
 
 
60
 
 
Jonas Bakšys
 
 
 
 
 
 
Obtained 
 
a 
 
bachelor’s
 
 
degre
e 
 
in 
 
internat
ional 
 
eco
nomics
 
 
a
t 
Concordia 
University 
(USA) and 
a 
master’s 
degree 
in 
b
usiness 
administration at
 the University of Surrey.
 Joined the Grou
p in 
2004.
 
 
Activities in other com
panies: 
 
Name, code, and ad
dress of leg
al entity
 
Position  
Since 
 
Companies of the Group:
 
 
 
SIA Dotnuva Seeds, 
40203489925
, 
‘
Iecavas 
baze
’
, Iecava, Bauskas district, Latvia 
Chairman of the Supervisory 
Council 
2023
 
UAB Dotnuva Seeds
, 
306313873, Tilto 
St
. 2C, Dotnuva, 
Kėdaini
ai district, 
Li
thuania 
Vice Chairman of the Board 
CEO 
2023
 
2023
 
UAB Linas Agro Grūdų Centrai, 148451131, Smėlynės St. 2C, Panevėžys, Lithuania
 
Member of the Board 
2022
 
UAB GeoFace, 304781617, Karaliaus Mindaugo 
av
. 37, Kaunas, Lithuania 
Director  
Chairman of the Board 
2022
 
2022
 
AB Kauno Grūdai, 133818917, H. ir O. Minkovskių St. 63, Kauna
s, Lithuania
 
Member of the Board 
2021
 
Linas Agro OU, 16071924, Savimäe 7, Vahi, Tartu district, Estonia 
Member of the Supervisory Council 
2020
 
UAB Dotnuva Baltic, 261415970, Parko St. 6,
 Akademija, 
Kėdai
niai 
district,. Lithuania 
Vice Chairman of the Board  
CEO 
2019
 
2019
 
SIA 
Linas Agro, 53603019011, ‘Baltijas Ceļš’, Brankas, Cenu dis
trict, Jelgava municipality, 
Latvia 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory 
Council 
2019
 
SIA Dotnuva Baltic, 43603041881
, ‘Baltijas Ceļš’, Brankas, Cenu district, Jelgava 
municipality, Latvia 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory 
Council 
2019
 
AS Dotnuva Baltic, 12019737, Savimäe 7, Vahi, Tartu district, Estonia 
Member of the Supervisory Council 
2019
 
AB Linas Agro, 147328026, Smėlynės St. 2C
-
3, Panevėžys, Lithuania
 
CFO 
Member of the Board 
2019
 
2018
 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
61
 
 
 
 
61
 
 
 
Arūnas Zubas
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arūnas Zubas holds a 
master’s degree in f
ood production 
technology from the
 Kaunas University of Techn
ology. He 
was employed within t
he Group from 1995 to 2005
. also
 
serves as Business D
evelopment Director at AB
 Linas Agro 
Group since 202
2. 
 
Activities in other com
panies: 
 
Board 
 
m
embers 
 
co
ntrolling 
 
m
ore 
 
than 
 
5% 
 
of
 
 
other
 
Companies shares and
 votes: 
 
Name and surn
ame 
Participation in othe
r Companie
s authorized capit
al 
Darius Zubas 
UAB Darius Zubas Holding-100%; UAB MESTILLA-14.3% 
Jonas Bakšys
 
(joint community property with spouse 
together)
 
UAB Vividum-100%; Dvi T, U
AB
-100% 
Mažvydas Šileika
 
(joint community property with spouse together) 
10xreturns, UAB-25 % 
Andrius 
Pranckevič
ius
, 
Arūnas 
Zubas 
a
nd 
Dainius 
Pilka
uskas 
do not have more than 5%
 of shares in the other compani
es.
 
During 
the 
reporting 
period, 
the 
Compan
y 
has 
no
t 
granted 
any 
loans, 
guarantees 
or 
surety 
ships 
to 
t
he 
m
embers 
of 
the 
Board that would ensure
 fulfilment of their obligations.
Name, code, and ad
dress of leg
al entity 
Position  
Since 
 
Companies of the Group:
 
 
 
AS Putnu Fabrika Kekava, 50003007411, Kekava, Kekava distri
ct, Latvia
 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory 
Council 
Member of the Supervisory Council 
2018
 
 
2015
 
SIA Lielzeltini, 40003205232, “Mazzeltini“, Janeikas, Bauskas di
strict, Latvia
 
Vice Chairman of the Supervisory 
Council 
Member of the Supervisory Council 
 
2018
 
 
2015
 
Other companies:
 
 
 
UAB MESTILLA, 300097027, Kretainio St. 5, Klaipėda, Lithuania
 
Vice Chairman of the Board  
Managing Director 
2018
 
2005
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
61
 
 
 
 
61
 
14.3. SUPE
RVISORY BOA
RD 
 
As 
of
 
1 
December 
2
022, 
t
he 
Company
 
has 
a
 
Supervi
sory 
Board 
whose 
 
members 
 
are
 
elected 
 
for 
 
a
 
term 
 
of
 
4 
(four) 
years. 
The Su
pervisory 
Board is 
composed 
of 
3 m
embers,
 tw
o of
 
whom are independent. 
 
By 
th
e 
end
 
of 
the 
r
eporting 
period, 
the 
S
upervisory 
Board 
had 
 
held 
 
3 
 
meetings 
 
with
 
 
100% 
 
participation 
 
of 
 
the 
Supervisory Board memb
ers. 
 
The Members of the Su
pervisory Board
 as at 30 June, 
2023: 
 
 
Tomas Tumėnas
 
Ch
airman 
 
 
Cadence started 
on
 1/12 2022.
 
 
Cadence to end 
on
 30/11/2026.
 
 
Number of the Compa
ny’s shares held
: 2,
200
 
 
 
 
Arūnas Bartusevi
čius
 
Independent Member
 
 
 
Cadence started on 1/
12 2022. 
 
Cadence to end on 30/1
1/2026. 
 
Number of the Compa
ny’s shares held
: 484,
56
1
 
 
 
 
Carsten Højland
 
Independent M
ember 
 
 
Cadence started on 1/
12 2022. 
 
Cadence to end on 30/1
1/2026. 
 
Number of the Compa
ny’s shares held
: 649,477 
 
 
Tomas 
 
Tum
ėnas 
 
obtain
ed 
 
MBA 
 
in 
 
Eco
nomics 
 
at 
 
Vilnius 
University, 
 
MSc 
 
Certificat
e 
 
in 
 
International 
 
Busine
ss 
Economics 
from 
th
e 
Univer
sity 
of 
Aalborg
, 
M
BA 
i
n 
Finance
 
at 
 
Ma
nchester 
 
Business 
 
Scho
ol 
 
of
 
 
the
 
 
Univers
ity 
 
of 
Manchester. 
 
Tomas 
 
Tumėn
as 
 
is 
 
not 
 
c
onsider
ed
 
 
as
 
 
an
 
independent 
member 
 
of 
the 
Supervisory 
Board 
as 
he 
is 
a 
Director 
and 
Board 
Me
mber 
of 
UAB 
Darius 
Zubas 
Holding
, 
as 
well 
as 
a Director 
of 
A
kola ApS 
a
n
d 
UAB 
PI
CUKĖ
. Tomas 
Tumėnas' main 
employer is 
CEPD 
NV
. 
He is 
director at 
UA
B 
BALTIC 
 
FUND 
 
IN
VESTMENTS
 
and 
 
he
 
is 
 
an
 
independent 
member 
of
 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
of 
the 
State 
En
terprise 
R
egitra 
and 
the 
Sta
te 
Enterprise 
 
UAB
 
Valstybės 
Investicijų
 
Valdymo 
 
Agentūr
a
, 
 
a 
 
Board 
 
member
 
at
 
Admenta 
 
Sweden 
AB
, 
Turing 
College 
UA
B, 
and 
UAB 
Naci
onalinė 
Farmacij
os 
G
rupė
 
 
and 
 
member 
 
of
 
 
su
pervisory 
 
board 
 
at 
 
Kredito 
 
Unij
a 
Saulėgrąža
. 
Arūnas 
Bartusevičius
 
hol
ds 
a 
master’s
 
degree 
in 
economics
 
from 
 
V
ilnius 
 
University 
 
a
nd 
 
a
n 
 
EM
BA 
 
fro
m 
 
t
he 
 
Baltic 
Management 
Institute. 
CEO 
of 
ATEA 
Bal
tic,
 
UAB, 
Director 
of 
UAB Nex Group and 
UAB Sonex Consulting.
 
Carsten 
 
H
øjland 
 
gradua
ted 
 
from 
 
the 
 
Ma
nagement 
programs 
 
at 
 
Business 
 
school
 
 
of 
 
St. 
 
Gallen 
 
and
 
 
holds 
 
an 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
63
 
 
 
 
63
 
Academy  Ec
onomist  degre
e  from 
 
the  Aarhus 
 
Sch
ool  of 
International 
 
B
usiness.  H
as  ma
ny  years
  of
  manageme
nt 
experience 
 
in 
 
multinational 
 
companies 
 
in 
 
the 
 
UK 
 
and
 
Germany and is current
ly unemployed.
 
 
During 
the 
reporting 
period,
 the
 Compan
y has
 not
 gran
ted 
any loans, guarantees or sure
ty ships to the members of the 
Supervisory 
 
Board 
 
that 
 
would 
 
ensure 
 
fulfilment
 
 
of 
 
their 
obligations.
 
14.4. COMMIT
TEES FORM
ED  
BY THE COM
PANY 
 
On October 28,
 2010 the Audit Comm
ittee was formed by
 
the 
Company.
 
The 
m
embers 
of 
the 
Commi
ttee 
are 
elect
ed 
for a term of office
 of 4 (four) years. 
 
The 
 
duration 
 
o
f 
 
office 
 
of 
 
the 
 
member
s 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Aud
it 
Committee 
 
started 
 
on 
 
Oc
tober 
 
28, 
 
2
022 
 
a
nd 
 
will 
 
e
nd 
 
on 
October 
 
2
7, 
 
2026. 
 
 
 
 
 
The 
 
A
udit 
 
Comm
ittee 
 
c
onsists 
 
of 
 
3
 
members, two of w
hom are independent:
 
 
Lukas  Kuraitis  
–
 
 
an
 
 
independe
nt 
 
member  of  the 
 
A
udit 
Committee.  Employed  as 
 
an  Executive 
 
Manager  at  UAB 
BJK, 
UA
B 
Ti
mis, 
a
nd 
UA
B 
Liz
us. 
Do
es 
not 
own shares 
of the 
Company. 
Skaistė  Malevskienė 
 
–
  an  independent  mem
ber  of  the 
Audit 
 
Committee. 
 
Emp
loyed 
 
at
 
 
UA
B 
 
Kirtimų 
 
Logistikos
 
Centras 
as 
a 
Commercial 
Director. 
Do
es 
not 
o
wn 
shares 
of 
the Company.
 
Irma 
 
Antanaitienė 
 
–
 
 
a 
 
member 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Audit 
 
Committee.
 
Employed 
at
 
AB 
Linas 
Agr
o 
as 
Accountant. 
Does 
not 
own 
shares of the Company.
 
 
By 
 
the 
 
end  of 
 
the
 
 
reporting
 
 
period,  7
 
 
Audit 
 
Comm
ittee 
meetings 
had
 
been
 
held,
 
wi
th 
100% 
part
icipation 
of 
Audit
 
Committee members.
 
 
14.5. THE HE
AD AND 
SENIOR EXECUTI
VES OF 
THE COMPA
NY  
 
The 
 
Head 
 
of 
 
the 
 
Company 
 
is
 
 
the
 
 
single-person
 
management 
body
 
of 
the 
Company.
 
In 
his 
a
ctivities, 
the 
H
ead 
of the C
ompany follows laws, other legal 
acts, the Articles of 
Association, 
 
decisions 
 
of 
 
the 
 
G
eneral 
 
Meeting 
 
of 
Shareholders and the Boar
d, and his off
ice regulations.
 
The 
 
H
ead 
 
of 
 
t
he 
 
Compan
y 
 
(
Chief 
 
Exec
utive 
 
Offic
er)  is 
Darius Zubas, he
 is also the Chairperson of
 the Board. 
 
 
 
The 
senior 
executives 
of
 
the 
Compa
ny 
work 
und
er 
open
-
ended 
 
con
tracts 
 
of
 
 
employment.
 
 
Details 
 
of 
 
the
 
 
senior 
executives 
 
remained 
 
unchanged 
 
during 
 
the 
 
financial 
 
year 
2022/2023.  
 
There are
 
no se
parate a
greements 
between 
the 
Company
 
and its 
emplo
yees that 
would
 provide 
any 
compensations
 in
 
case  of  their  resignati
on  or  dismissal  with
out  a  justified 
reason.
The Head and Senior Ex
ecutives as at 30 June
, 2023:
 
 
 
Darius Zubas
 
 
Position: 
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
Employed since:
 
1/9/1996 
 
Number of the Compa
ny’s shares held: 
 
17
,049,
995
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
64
 
 
 
 
64
 
 
Andrius Pranck
evičius
 
 
Position:
 
Deputy Chief Executive
 Officer 
 
Employed since
: 
19/11/2009
 
 
Number of the Compa
ny’s shares held: 
 
155,745 
 
 
 
Mažvydas Šilei
ka
 
 
Position:
 
Chief Financial Officer
 
 
Employed since
: 
15/4/2020 
 
Number of the Compa
ny’s shares held:
 
 
1,100 
 
 
 
Rasa Klein
 
 
Position: 
Head of Consolidation
 and Reporting
 
 
Employed since
: 
1/2/2022 
 
Number of the Compa
ny’s shares held: 
 
0 
 
Information 
 
a
bout 
 
Senior 
 
Executives 
 
wh
o 
 
are 
 
als
o 
 
the 
Members 
 
of
 
 
the 
 
Board,
 
 
is 
 
provided
 
 
in 
 
chapt
er 
 
14.2 
 
The 
Management Board.
 
Rasa 
 
Klein 
 
obtained 
 
a 
 
ba
chelor’s 
 
degree 
 
in 
 
business 
administration  and  management 
 
and  a 
 
master’s  degree  in 
economics 
 
at 
 
Kau
nas 
 
University 
 
of 
 
Techno
logy; 
 
she 
 
also 
attended 
qualif
ication 
courses 
on 
audit
, 
taxes, 
IFRS 
and 
lo
cal 
GAP 
 
standards
, 
 
training 
 
on 
 
robotization
 
 
and 
 
big
 
 
data 
management. Joined
 the Group in 2022. 
 
 
The 
 
remuneration 
 
charg
ed 
 
to 
 
the 
 
Company's
 
 
S
enior 
Executives 
during 
the 
period
 
under 
r
eview 
for 
their 
duties 
in 
the 
Company 
amounted 
to 
EUR 
731 
thousan
d. 
Th
ey 
did 
not 
receive any bonu
ses for serving on
 the boards of
 other Group 
companies. 
 
 
 

 
Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
65
 
 
15.
 
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* As of June 30. 2023. T
he schem
e excludes do
rmant. associated compa
nies and the co
mpanies und
er liquida
tion: UAB Gerera 
(100% owne
d by AB Li
nas Agro)
. UAB K
ekava Foods 
LT (100% ow
ned by AB Li
nas Agro 
Group). Linas Agro 
A/S under 
liquidation (100
% owned by AB Li
nas Agro). UAB Gastron
eta (100% owne
d by AB V
ilniaus 
Paukštynas)
. 
UAB Kaiš
iadorių Pa
ukštyno Mažm
ena (99% ow
ned by UAB Uogi
ntai and 1% 
by AB 
Kaišiadorių Paukšty
nas)
. 
KG Eesti O
U (100% of sh
ares owned by A
B Kauno G
rūdai)
. 
UAB Uogintai (100% 
of shares 
owned by AB K
aišiadorių Pa
ukštynas)
. Kooperatyvas Ba
ltoji Plunk
snelė (the com
panies UAB 
Domantonių 
Paukštynas
. UAB L
ietbro. 
AB Zelvė
. 
UAB Avocetė an
d UAB Ales
ninkų Paukštynas 
each own 20% s
tock)
. KG Khumex B. V. 
(associate. 50% ow
ned by AB Linas 
Agro Group). KG Kh
umex Coldsto
re B.V. (associate. 25% 
own
ed 
by
 
AB Kaišia
dorių Paukšty
nas and 2
5% by AB Viln
iaus Paukštynas).
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
66
 
 
66
 
DATA ON SUBSIDI
ARIES
 
 
As 
 
at 
 
June 
 
3
0, 
 
2023. 
 
Dorma
nt 
 
companies 
 
and 
 
t
he 
companies 
 
under 
 
liquida
tion, 
 
as 
 
well 
 
as 
 
associates 
 
not 
attributable to the Grou
p are not included:
 
 
 
 
1.
 
 
UAB Gerera (dormant, the Group owns 97.06% stock)- private 
limited 
 
liability 
 
company,
 
 
founded 
 
15/1/19
93, 
 
code 
 
of
 
 
legal 
entity 
 
14
7676584, 
 
addr
ess 
 
Smėlynės 
 
St
. 
 
2C
, 
 
LT
-35143 
Panevėžys
, 
 
Lithuania, 
 
company 
 
r
egister 
 
–
 
 
State 
 
Enter
prise 
Centre of Registers (Valstybės įmonė Registrų c
entras); 
 
2.
 
 
UAB 
 
Kekava 
 
Foods 
 
LT 
 
(dormant
, 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
owns  100
% 
stock)- 
 
private 
 
limited 
 
liability 
 
company
, 
 
founded 
 
8/3/2018, 
code of 
legal 
entity 
304784428, 
address Subačiaus 
St
. 
5, 
LT
-
01302 
Vil
nius, 
Lithuania, 
company 
register 
–
 
Sta
te 
Enterprise 
Centre of Reg
isters (Valstybės įmonė Registrų centras);
 
 
3.
 
 
Linas 
 
Agro 
 
A/S 
 
(under 
 
liquidation, 
 
the 
 
Gr
oup 
 
owns 
 
97.
06
% 
stock)-private 
 
limited 
 
liability 
 
company
, 
 
f
ounded 
 
15/3/1994, 
code 
of
 
lega
l 
enti
ty 
CVR 17689037, 
address 
Vink
el 
Allé 1, 
DK
-
9000 
 
Aalborg, 
 
Denmark, 
 
company 
 
register 
 
–
 
 
Danish 
Commerce and Companies Agency; 
 
4.
 
 
UAB 
 
Gastroneta
 
 
(dormant
, 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
owns 
 
84.9
3% 
 
stock)- 
private 
limited 
liability 
compa
ny, 
founded 
15/2/2000, 
code 
of 
legal 
 
entity 
 
125057526, 
 
address 
 
D
ariaus 
 
ir 
 
Girėno 
 
St
. 
 
175, 
 
LT
-02189 
 
Vilnius, 
 
Lithuania, 
 
company 
 
register 
 
–
 
 
State 
Enterprise 
 
Centre 
 
of 
 
Registers 
 
(Val
stybės 
 
įmonė 
 
Registrų
 
centras); 
 
5.
 
 
UAB  Kaišiadorių  Pauk
štyno  Mažmena  (dormant
,  the  Gr
oup 
owns 84.
92
% stock)- 
private limited liability company,
 founded 
2/6/1999, 
 
code 
 
of
 
 
legal 
 
entity 
 
158986919, 
 
address 
Paukštininkų 
 
St
. 
 
15
, 
 
LT
-
56110 
 
Kaišiadorys
, 
 
Lithuania, 
company 
 
register 
 
–
 
 
State 
 
Enterprise 
 
Centre 
 
of 
 
Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Registrų centras);
 
 
 
 
 
6.
 
 
KG E
esti 
OU 
(dormant, the 
Group 
owns 89.59% 
stock)- 
private 
limited 
 
liability 
 
company,
 
 
founded 
 
12/7/2
016
, 
 
code 
 
of 
 
legal 
entity 
14079784, address 
P. 
Suda 11,
 10118 Tall
inn, Estonia, 
company 
 
register 
 
–
 
 
Centre 
 
of
 
 
Registers 
 
and 
 
Inf
ormation 
Systems (RIK); 
 
7.
 
 
UAB 
 
Uogintai 
 
(dormant, 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
owns 
 
84.
92
% 
 
stock)- 
private limited 
liability 
company, founded 
10/11/2006, code 
of 
legal  entity 
 
300614873,
 
address 
 
Paukštininkų 
 
St
. 
 
15
,  
LT
-
56110 
 
Kaišiadorys
, 
 
Lithuania, 
 
company 
 
register 
 
–
 
 
State 
Enterprise 
 
Centre 
 
of 
 
Registers 
 
(Val
stybės 
 
įmonė 
 
Registrų
 
centras); 
 
8.
 
 
Kooperatyvas  Baltoji  P
lunksnelė  (dormant
,  the  Group  owns 
83.
33
%
 
 
stock)- 
 
cooperative, 
 
founded 
 
22/11/200
7, 
 
code 
 
of
 
legal  entity 
 
301293559,
 
address 
 
Paukštininkų 
 
St
. 
 
15
,  
LT
-
56110 
 
Kaišiadorys
, 
 
Lithuania; 
 
company 
 
register 
 
–
 
 
State 
Enterprise 
 
Centre 
 
of 
 
Registers 
 
(Val
stybės 
 
įmonė 
 
Registrų
 
centras); 
 
9.
 
 
KG 
Khumex 
Col
dstore 
B.V. 
(associate, 
the 
Group 
owns 
42.46
% 
stock)- private 
limited liability company
, founded 1
6/11/2016, 
code 
of
 
lega
l 
enti
ty 
672
83845, 
address 
Landauer 11, 
3897AB 
Zeewolde, 
 
the 
 
Netherla
nds; 
compa
ny 
 
register 
 
–
 
 
Chamber 
 
of 
Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel); 
 
10.
 
KG  Khumex  B.V.  (associate,  the  Group  owns  50%  s
tock)- 
private limited 
liability 
company, founded 
17/12/2012, code 
of 
legal 
 
entity 
 
5666
8317, 
 
address 
 
Landauer 
 
9
, 
 
3897AB 
Zeewolde, 
 
the 
 
Netherla
nds; 
compa
ny 
 
register 
 
–
 
 
Chamber 
 
of 
Commerce (Kamer van Koophandel). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
67
 
 
67
 
 
 
Company name 
Share of 
the stock 
held by 
the Group 
Principal activiti
e
s
 
Registration date, code of 
legal enti
ty, 
legal form, comp
any register 
Contact data 
AB Linas Agro
 
97.
06
% 
Wholesale trade of grains, 
oilseeds, feedstuffs, and 
agricultural inputs supply 
8/7/1991, code of legal entity 
1473 28026, public limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Smėlynės St
. 
2C
-3, 
LT
-35143 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 507 333  
Fax +370 45 507 444  
E-mail info@linasagro.lt 
www
.linasagro.
lt
 
 
UAB Dotnuva Baltic
 
100%
 
Sale of agricultural 
machinery, equipment for 
grain elevators and farms, 
seeds production 
5/3/1996, c
ode 
of legal entity 
261415970, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Parko St. 6, Akademija, 58351 
Kėdainiai district
, Lithuania  
Ph
. +370 347 370 30 
Fax +370 347 370 40 
E-mail info@dotnuvabaltic.lt 
www
.dotnuvabaltic.
lt
 
UAB Dotnuva Rent 
100%
 
Rent of agricultural 
machinery  
25/6/1998, code of legal entity 
161452398, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Parko 
St
. 6, Akademija, 58351 
Kėdainiai district
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +
370
 
347
 37030 
E-mail info@dotnuvarent.lt 
UAB Dotnuva 
Seeds 
100% 
Seed production
 
8/5/2023, code of 
legal entity 
306313873, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Tilto 
St
. 2C, Dotnuva, 58373 
Kėdaini
ai 
district, Lith
ua
nia 
Ph
. +370 
612
 20179  
E-mail info@dotnuvaseeds.
lt
 
UAB Linas Agro 
Grūdų Centrai
 
 
97
.98% 
Grain processing and 
storage 
10/7/2002, c
ode 
of legal entity 
148451131, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Smėlynės St
. 
2C
, 
LT
-35143 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 507 343 
Fax +370 45 507 344  
E-mail grudu.centras@linasagro.
lt
 
UAB Jungtinė 
Ekspedicija
 
100%
 
Logistics and forwarding 
services  
17/2/1998, c
ode 
of legal entity 
141642963, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Nemuno St. 
2A
, 
LT
-
91199 Klaipėda
, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 46 310 163  
Fax +370 46 312 529  
E-mail info@je.
lt
 
www
.
je
.
lt
 
UAB Linas Agro 
Konsultacijos
 
100%
 
Management of subsidiary 
farming companies  
23/6/2003, c
ode 
of legal entity 
248520920, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Žibuoklių St
. 
20
, 
LT
-
57128 Kėdainiai
, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 686 53 692 
E-mail konsultavimas@linasagro.
lt
 
Biržai District 
Medeikių ŽŪB
 
98
.39% 
Growing and sale of crop 
5/10/1992, c
ode 
of legal entity 
154771488, agricultural company, 
State Enterprise Centre of 
Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Biržų St
.
32
,
 Medeiki
ai
 vill
.,
 
LT
-
41462 Biržai district
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 450 584 22 
E-mail medeikiai@linasagro.
lt
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
68
 
 
68
 
Company name 
Share of 
the stock 
held by 
the Group 
Principal activiti
e
s
 
Registration date, code of 
legal enti
ty, 
legal form, comp
any register 
Contact data 
Panevėžys District 
Aukštadvario ŽŪB
 
99
.54% 
Mixed agricultural activities 
9/3/1993, c
ode 
of legal entity 
168573274, agricultural company, 
State Enterprise Centre of 
Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Pirties St, 3, 
Aukštadvari
s vill., 
LT
-
38255 Panevėžys district
, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 592 651  
E-mail aukstadvaris@linasagro.
lt
 
 
Sidabravo ŽŪB
 
96
.25% 
Mixed agricultural activities 
20/4/1993, c
ode 
of legal entity 
171331516, agricultural company, 
State Enterprise Centre of 
Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Pergalės St
. 
1A
, Sidabravas, 
 
LT
-
82251 Radviliškis district
, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 422 477 27  
E-mail sidabravas@linasagro.lt  
Panevėžys District 
Žibartonių ŽŪB
 
99
.90% 
Mixed agricultural activities 
22/5/1992, c
ode 
of legal entity 
168521815, agricultural company, 
State Enterprise Centre of 
Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Žibartonių St
. 
74
, 
Žibartoniai vill
.,
 
LT
-
78323 Panevėžys district
, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 557 444  
E-mail zibartoniai@linasagro.
lt
 
Šakiai District 
Lukšių ŽŪB
 
98
.82% 
Mixed agricultural activities 
30/10/1992, c
ode 
of legal entity 
174317183, agricultural company, 
State Enterprise Centre of 
Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Lukši
ai
 vill. 2, 
LT
-
71176 Šakiai district
, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 345 442 88 
E-mail luksiai@linasagro.
lt
 
Kėdainiai District 
Labūnavos ŽŪB
 
98
.95% 
Mixed agricultural activities 
25/2/1992, c
ode 
of legal entity 
161228959, agricultural company, 
State Enterprise Centre of 
Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Serbinų St
, 
19
, 
Labūnava vill
., 
LT
-
58173 Kėdainiai district
, Lithuania 
Ph
. + 370 347 34 180 
E-mail labunava@linasagro.
lt
 
Kėdainiai District 
ŽŪB Nemunas
 
67
.
98
% 
Mixed agricultural activities 
21/10/1992, c
ode 
of legal entity 
161268868, agricultural company, 
State Enterprise Centre of 
Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Žibartonių St
, 
74
, 
Žibartoniai vill
.,
 
LT
-
78323 Panevėžys district
, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 557 444 
E-mail nemunas@linasagro.
lt
 
UAB Landvesta 1
 
100
% 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
 
21/10/2005, c
ode 
of legal entity 
300501060, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Smėlynės St
, 
2C
, 
LT
-35143 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 507 406 
E-mail info@landvesta.
lt
 
UAB Landvesta 2
 
100
% 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
21/10/2005, c
ode 
of legal entity 
300501085, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų 
centras) 
Smėlynės St
. 
2C
, 
LT
-35143 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 507 406  
E-mail info@landvesta.
lt
 
UAB Landvesta 3
 
100
% 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
21/10/2005, c
ode 
of legal entity 
300501092, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Smėlynės St
. 
2C
, 
LT
-35143 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 507 406 
 E-mail info@landvesta.
lt
 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
69
 
 
69
 
Company name 
Share of 
the stock 
held by 
the Group 
Principal activiti
e
s
 
Registration date, code of 
legal enti
ty, 
legal form, comp
any register 
Contact data 
UAB Landvesta 4
 
100
% 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
23/04/2007, c
ode 
of legal entity 
300709428, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Smėlynės St
. 
2C
, 
LT
-35143, 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 507 406 
E-mail info@landvesta.
lt
 
 
UAB Landvesta 5
 
100
% 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
16/8/2007, c
ode 
of legal entity 
301019661, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Smėlynės St
. 
2C
, 
LT
-35143 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania  
Ph
. +370 45 507 406 
E-mail info@landvesta.
lt
 
 
UAB Landvesta 6
 
100
% 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
14/1/2008, c
ode 
of legal entity 
301520074, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Smėlynės St
. 
2C
, 
LT
-35143 
Panevėžys
, Lithuania  
Ph
. +370 45 507 406 
E-mail info@landvesta.
lt
 
UAB Noreikiškės
 
100%
 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
16/8/2012, c
ode 
of legal entity 
302841649, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Žibartonių St
. 
70
, 
Žibartoniai vill
., 
LT
-
38323 Panevėžys district
, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 507 406 
E-mail noreikiskes@linasagro.
lt
 
UAB U
župė
 
100%
 
Mixed agricultural activities 
6/4/2011, c
ode 
of legal entity 
302612561, agricultural company, 
State Enterprise Centre of 
Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Liaudės St
. 
81
, 
Užupės vill
.,  
LT
-
58311 Kėdainiai district
, Lithuania  
Ph
. +370 698 58583  
E-mail uzupe@linasagro.
lt
 
UAB Paberžėlė
 
 
100%
 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
30/6/2008, c
ode 
of legal entity 
301772627, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Liaudės St
. 
81
, 
Užupės vill
.,
 
LT
-
58311 Kėdainiai district
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 698 58583 
 E-mail paberzele@linasagro.
lt
 
UAB Lineliai
 
100%
 
Rent and management of 
agricultural purposes land 
9/3/2012, c
ode 
of legal entity 
302740714, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Smėlynės St
. 
2C
-3, 
LT
-35143  
Panevėžys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 45 507 406 
Fax +370 45 507 404  
E-mail lineliai@linasagro.
lt
 
UAB GeoFace
 
98
.
53
% 
Software developing 
12/03/2018, c
ode 
of legal entity 
304781617, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų 
centras) 
Brastos St. 14, 
–
Kar
aliaus Mindaugo 
per
, 
37
 
LT
-44307 Kaunas, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 676 99 244 
Email info@geoface.com 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
70
 
 
70
 
Company name 
Share of 
the stock 
held by 
the Group 
Principal activiti
e
s
 
Registration date, code of 
legal enti
ty, 
legal form, comp
any register 
Contact data 
AB Kauno Grūdai
 
89
.
59
% 
Production and wholesale 
of flour and flour products, 
compound feed, extruded 
products, and instant foods; 
products and services for 
farming; wholesale of feed 
materials; fumigation, 
disinsection, disinfection 
and deratization services 
15/10/1993, c
ode 
of legal entity 
133818917, public company, State 
Enterprise Centre of Registers 
(Valstybės
 
įmonė Registrų centras)
 
H. ir O. 
Minkovskių St
. 
63
, 
LT
-46550 Kaunas, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 37 223317 
E-mail info@kggroup.
eu
 
www
.kauno-grudai.
lt
 
AB Vilniaus 
Paukštynas
 
84
.
93
% 
Chicken raising for meat 
and eggs production, 
production of poultry and its 
products 
21/1/1993, c
ode 
of legal entity 
186107463, public company, State 
Enterprise Centre of Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Registrų centras)
 
Gamyklos St. 
27
, 
LT
-13249 
Rudamina, Vilnius district, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 5 2687331 
E-mail 
vilniaus.paukstynas@paukstynas.lt 
www
.paukstynas.
lt
 
AB Kaišiadorių 
Paukštynas
 
84
.
92
% 
Chicken raising for meat 
and eggs production, 
production of poultry and its 
products 
20/05/1993, c
ode 
of legal entity 
158891218, public company, State 
Enterprise Centre of Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Registrų centras)
 
Paukštininkų St
. 
15
, 
LT
-56110 
Kaišiadorys
, Lithuania 
Ph
, +370 346 51034 
E-mail 
kaisiadoriu.paukstynas@paukstynas.lt 
www
.paukstynas.lt 
UAB Šlaituva
 
89
.
59
% 
Production and wholesale 
of breadcrumbs and 
breading mixes 
30/3/1994, c
ode 
of legal entity 
134019827, private limited liability 
company, Register of Enterprises 
of Republic of Lithuania, 
VĮ 
Registrų centras
 
Sodų St
, 7, 53290 Linksmakalnis, 
Kaunas district, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 37 473446 
AB Zelvė
 
72
.
38
% 
Broiler breeding 
10/3/1995, c
ode 
of legal entity 
181323215, public company, State 
Enterprise Centre of Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Registrų centras)
 
Tiesioji St. 
21
,
 
21364 Daučiuliškės
, 
Elektrėnai municipality
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 528 26536 
UAB Kormoprom 
Invest 
100%
 
Management services 
24/11/2015, c
ode 
of legal entity 
304141542, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Subačiaus St
. 5, 
LT
-01302 Vilnius, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 619 19403 
 
UAB TABA Holding 
100%
 
Management services 
24/11/2015, 
co
de of legal entity 
304141581, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Subačiaus St
. 5, 
LT
-01302 Vilnius, 
Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 619 19403 
UAB Baltic 
Fumigation Service 
89
.59% 
Fumigation services 
7/3/2005, c
ode 
of legal entity 
300094020, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Stoties St. 
38
, 
70484 Pilviškiai
, 
Vilkaviškis district
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 655 62153 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
71
 
 
71
 
Company name 
Share of 
the stock 
held by 
the Group 
Principal activiti
e
s
 
Registration date, code of 
legal enti
ty, 
legal form, comp
any register 
Contact data 
UAB KG Mažmena
 
89
.59% 
Retail trade 
14/3/2011, c
ode 
of legal entity 
302602745, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
H. ir O. 
Minkovskių St
. 
63
,  
LT
-46550 Kaunas, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 656 50366 
E-mail info@kggroup.
eu
 
UAB KG 
Distribution 
84
.
93
% 
Consultation and business 
management 
29/8/1997, c
ode 
of legal entity 
186442465, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Gamyklos St. 
27
, 
LT
-13249 
Rudamina, Vilnius district, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 5 2687331 
UAB Lietbro 
84
.
93
% 
Broiler breeding 
13/12/2004, c
ode 
of legal entity 
300073371, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Nevėžio St
. 
70
, 
Velžys
, 
Panevėžys 
district, 
LT
-38129 Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 642 72857 
 
UAB Avocetė
 
84
.
93
% 
Management services 
17
/12/2003, c
ode 
of legal entity 
186758285, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Gamyklos St. 
27
, 
LT
-13249 
Rudamina, Vilnius district, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 685 17342 
UAB VKP Valdymas 
84
.
93
% 
Consultation and business 
management 
3/11/2011, c
ode 
of legal entity 
302682691, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Paukštininkų St
. 
15
, 
LT
-56110 
Kaišiadorys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 5 2687331 
E-mail t.sprindziunas@paukstynas.lt 
 
UAB Domantonių 
Paukštynas
 
89
.
50
% 
Broiler breeding 
2/6/2004, c
ode 
of legal entity 
300030822, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų 
centras) 
Muiželėnai vill
.,
 Alytus district, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 615 51259 
UAB Alesninkų 
Paukštynas
 
84
.
92
% 
Broiler breeding 
28/2/2005, c
ode 
of legal entity 
300092247, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Tiesioji St. 
21
,
 
21364 Daučiuliškės
, 
Elektrėnai municipality
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 528 26536 
 
UAB KG Logistika 
84
.
93
% 
Freight transport services 
25/9/2007, c
ode 
of legal entity 
301133864, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Paukštininkų St
. 
15
, 
LT
-56110 
Kaišiadorys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 618 10826 
UAB VP Valda 
84
.
93
% 
Rent of own real estate 
24/5/2021, c
ode 
of legal entity 
305776014, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Gamyklos St. 
27
, 
LT
-13249 
Rudamina, Vilnius district, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 614 23749 
E-mail t.sprindziunas@paukstynas.lt 
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
72
 
 
72
 
Company name 
Share of 
the stock 
held by 
the Group 
Principal activiti
e
s
 
Registration date, code of 
legal enti
ty, 
legal form, comp
any register 
Contact data 
UAB KP Valda 
84
.
92
% 
Rent of own real estate 
24/5/2021, c
ode 
of legal entity 
305775535, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
Paukštininkų St
. 
15
, 
LT
-56110 
Kaišiadorys
, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 614 23749 
E-mail t.sprindziunas@paukstynas.lt 
UAB Agro Logistic 
Service 
100%
 
Wholesale of feedstuffs for 
fodder and premixes 
production 
6/3/2013, c
ode 
of legal entity 
303014392, private limited liability 
company, State Enterprise Centre 
of Registers (Valstybės įmonė 
Registrų centras)
 
H. 
ir
 O. 
Minkovskių St
. 
120 
 
LT
-46550 Kaunas, Lithuania 
Ph
. +370 640 59608 
E-mail info@agrols.
eu
 
www
.agrols.
eu
 
SIA Linas Agro
 
96
.
58
% 
Wholesale trade of grains 
and oilseeds, agricultural 
inputs supply 
23/4/2003, code of legal entity 
53603019011, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Baltijas Ceļš
, Brankas, 
Cenu 
district, 
Jelgava municipality,  
LV
-
3043
, Latvia 
Ph
. 
+371 630 840 24  
Fax +371 630 842 24 
E-mail info@linasagro.
lv
 
www
,linasagro,
lv
 
SIA Linas Agro 
Graudu Centrs 
 
97
.
98
% 
Grain processing and 
storage 
2/5/2013, c
ode 
of legal entity 
43603059101, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Jaunsalieši
, 
LV
-5202 Jekabpils, Latvia 
Ph
. +371 220 001 82 
E-mail graudu.centrs@linasagro.
lv
 
LLC LINAS AGRO 
UKRAINE
 
97.06% 
Representative office 
30/7/2018, c
ode 
of legal entity 
42340549, The United State 
Register of Legal Entities, 
Individual Entrepreneurs and Public 
Organizations of Ukraine 
Verhniy Val St. 
28
, Kiev, 04071, 
Ukraine 
Ph
. + 380 96 634 24 02 
E-mail info.ukraine@linasagro.
lt
 
SIA Dotnuva Baltic
 
100%
 
Sale of agricultural 
machinery and equipment 
for grain elevators  
26/4/2010, c
ode 
of legal entity 
43603041881, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Baltijas Ceļš
, Brankas, 
Cenu 
district, 
Jelgava municipality,  
LV
-
3043
, Latvia  
Ph
. +371 679 131 61  
Fax +371 677 602 52 
E-mail info@dotnuvabaltic.lv 
www
.dotnuvabaltic.
lv
 
SIA Dotnuva Seeds 
100%
 
 
9/6/20
23
, 
code of legal entity 
40203489925, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Bauskas district, Iecavas municipality
, 
„Iecavas bāze“, LV
-3913 Latvia 
Ph
. +371 20270712 
E-mail 
m.dimante@linasagro.l
v
 
AS Dotnuva Baltic
 
100%
 
Sale of agricultural 
machinery and equipment 
for grain elevators 
11/11/2010, code of legal entity 
12019737, Centre of Registers 
and Information Systems (RIK) 
Savimäe 7, Vahi 60534, Tartu district, 
Estonia  
Ph
. 
+372 661 2800 
Fax +372 661 8004 
E-mail info@dotnuvabaltic.
ee
 
www
.dotnuvabaltic.
ee
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
73
 
 
73
 
Company name 
Share of 
the stock 
held by 
the Group 
Principal activiti
e
s
 
Registration date, code of 
legal enti
ty, 
legal form, comp
any register 
Contact data 
AS Putnu Fabrika 
Kekava
 
97
.19% 
Poultry farming, production 
and marketing of poultry 
and poultry products  
11/6/1991, code of legal entity 
50003007411, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Kekava, Kekava district,  
LV
-2123 Latvia 
Ph
. 
+371 6787 4000 
Fax +371 6787 4001 
E-mail info@pfkekava.lv  
www
.vistas.
lv
 
SIA PFK TRADER
 
97
.19% 
Food retail 
26/8/2013, c
ode 
of legal entity 
40103703853, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Kekava, Kekava district,  
LV
-2123 Latvia 
Ph
. 
+371 6787 4000 
Fax +371 6787 4001 
E-mail info@pfkekava.lv  
www
.vistas.
lv
 
SIA Lielzeltini
 
100%
 
Poultry farming, production 
and marketing of poultry 
and poultry products, feed 
production
 
7/7/1994, c
ode 
of legal entity 
40003205232, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
“Mazzeltini“
, Janeikas,  
Bauskas district, Latvia 
Ph
. +371 6396 0770 
Fax +371 6396 0768 
E-mail lielzeltini@lielzeltini.
lv
 
www
.lielzeltini.
lv
 
SIA Broileks
 
100%
 
Chicken breeding and sale
 
7/12/2009, c
ode 
of legal entity 
50103262981, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Gaismas St, 
2A
-
48
, Kekava 
LV
-
2123
, Latvia 
Ph
./Fax +371 67313182
 
SIA Cerova 
100%
 
Egg incubation and chicken 
sale 
8/10/2003, c
ode 
of legal entity 
43603019946, The Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia (Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Centra St
. 
11
, Mus
a, Bauskas district, 
Latvia 
Ph
. 
+371 2633 4110 
Fax +371 6392 6234 
E-mail cerova@latnet.
lv
 
Linas Agro OŰ
 
97.06% 
Products for crop growing 
8/10/2020, c
ode 
of legal entity 
16071924, Centre of Registers 
and Information Systems (RIK) 
Savimae 7, Vahi 60534,  
Tartu region, Estonia 
Ph
. 
+372 6602810 
Email info@linasagro.
ee
 
www.linasagro.
ee
 
SIA KG Latvija 
89
.59% 
Production and wholesale 
of compound feed, 
wholesale of feed materials 
and products for crop 
growing 
2/4/2014, c
ode 
of legal entity 
40103775495, Register of 
Enterprises of the Republic of 
Latvia 
(Latvijas Republikas 
Uzņēmumu Reģistrs)
 
Škunu St 2
. Peltes,  
Sigulda Parish, Sigulda Municipality, 
LV
-2
150
, Latvia 
Ph
. +371 2240 1142 
 
KG Polska Sp.
zo
.o. 
89
.59% 
Wholesale of feed materials 
26/10/2011, c
ode 
of legal entity 
200655918, National Court 
Register (Krajowy Rejestr Sądowy)
 
Sejnenska St. 
51
,  
Suwalki, Poland 
Ph
. +487 565 08 01 
 
Nordic Agro 
investment Limited 
89
.59% 
Management services 
9/5/2011, c
ode 
of legal entity 
07625931, Companies House 
93 Tudor drive, Kingston, Surrey, 
England, KT2 5NP, 
UK
 
Ph
. +44 (0)20 8974 5252 
OOO KLM 
62
.
72
% 
Wholesale of products for 
crop growing, veterinary 
products, premixes and 
seeds for gardening 
7/9/2007, c
ode 
of legal entity 
69608281, Ministry of Justice of 
the Republic of Belarus 
Sosnovaja St. 7, office 9, 
Sonečnij vill
.,
 
Minsk region, Belarus 
Ph
. +375 172379980 
E-mail office@klm-agro.
by
 
www.klm-agro.
by
 

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
74
 
 
74
 
16.
 
EMPLOYEES 
 
 
As at 
30 June 2023 
th
e 
number of 
employees 
of AB 
L
inas 
Agro 
 
Gro
up 
 
an
d 
 
its 
 
subsidiaries 
 
was 
 
4
,887 
 
or
 
 
144 
employees  less 
 
tha
n  as  at  30  June 
 
202
2  (5,031).  T
he 
decrease i
n the 
num
ber of 
employe
es is 
due 
to th
e sales 
of 
the companies in Russia
 and Belarus.
 
The nu
mber of 
employ
ees of 
the 
Company 
was 
20
 (17 
as 
at 30 June 2022).
 
AB Linas Agro Group
 has no collective agreeme
nt.
 
All employment contracts conclud
ed by the Group with the 
Company’s 
 
and
 
 
Gro
up’s 
 
e
mployees 
 
are 
 
entered
 
 
into 
 
in 
accordance 
with
 
the 
Labor 
Code 
of 
th
e 
Republic 
of
 
Lithuania 
and 
res
pective 
le
gal 
requir
ements 
in
 
Latvia
, 
Estonia, 
Uk
raine, 
Denmark, 
Po
land, 
UK
, 
Belarus. 
Both 
hiring 
and 
dismissal 
of 
employees is 
carrie
d 
out 
pu
rsuant 
to the 
requirem
ents 
of 
t
he 
Labor 
Code. 
N
o 
special 
rights 
or 
obligations 
of 
emp
loyees 
are provided for in empl
oyment contracts.
 
Employees 
 
have
 
 
undertaken 
 
th
e 
 
obliga
tion 
 
of 
 
non
-
disclosure 
of 
confid
ential 
info
rmation. 
Som
e 
Board 
members 
and  key 
 
ex
ecutives  have 
 
s
igned  confidentiality 
 
and  non
-
competition agreem
ents.
 
16.1. DISTRIB
UTION OF EM
PLOYEES 
2
 
 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
OF EMPLOYEE
S BY POSITION:
 
 
30/6/2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      30/6/2
023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
OF EMPLOYEE
S BY SEX
 
 
30/6/2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      30/6/2
023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
 
End
-
of
-p
eriod data, Ma
nagers includ
e top and mid
dle manag
ers 
Top and middle 
managers
10%
Specialists
30%
Workers
60%
Top and middle 
managers
10%
Specialists
25%
Workers
65%
Women
47%
Men
53%
Women
49%
Men
51%

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
75
 
 
75
 
 
DISTRIBUTION 
OF EMPLOYEE
S BY COUNTRIES
 
 
 
30/6/2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      30/6/2
023 
 
16.2. AVERA
GE MONTHLY 
SALARY 
 
Monthly salary before tax
es, 
EUR
:
 
 
 
2021
–
2022* 
2022
–
2023** 
Managers 
3,980 
4,514 
Specialists 
2,215  
2,002 
Workers 
1,360  
1,437 
 
*Salary before taxes 
average, calculated for 
the employees who worked 
in the 
Group at the end 
of the financia
l year 
**
Average sala
ry before 
taxes 
considering 
the average 
numb
er of emp
loyees 
in 
the Group over t
he reporting p
eriod
 
Further information on employee relations is disclose
d in the 
Group's 
 
Sustainability 
 
Re
port 
 
for 
 
the 
 
fi
nancial 
 
y
ear 
2022/2023.
 
 
16.3. REMUN
ERATION PO
LICY 
 
 
 
During the Ordinary General Meeting of Sha
reholders held 
on 
28 
Oct
ober 
2022, 
the 
u
pdated 
Remuneration 
Policy
 
of 
AB 
 
Linas
 
 
Agro 
 
Group
 
 
was  approved,  which 
 
continuous
ly 
defines 
 
the 
 
req
uirements 
 
and  guidelines 
 
deter
mining 
 
t
he 
remuneration  amount  for
  the  CEO  and  members  of  the 
Board 
 
of 
 
th
e 
 
Compa
ny, 
 
as 
 
well 
 
as 
 
ad
ditionally 
 
s
ince 
 
then
 
covering 
remun
er
ation 
for 
t
he 
memb
ers 
of 
the 
Sup
ervisory 
Board. 
 
Th
e 
 
Remunerati
on 
 
Policy 
 
aims 
 
to 
 
establish 
 
a
 
remuneration 
system 
that 
pr
omotes 
fa
ir 
r
epresentat
ion 
a
nd 
value 
cr
eation 
for 
all
 
stak
eholders, 
the 
a
chievement 
of 
the 
Company's 
 
ar
ticulated 
 
objectives
 
and 
 
short 
 
a
nd 
 
lon
g-t
erm 
goals, 
 
as 
 
well 
 
as 
 
the 
 
moti
vation 
 
of 
 
employees 
 
and 
 
the 
attraction of talented empl
oyees.  
 
 
Detailed 
 
i
nformation 
 
on 
 
the 
 
r
emuneration 
 
system 
applicable to 
the Compan
y’s ma
nagement is 
provided in 
the 
Remuneration 
 
Po
licy 
 
docum
ent, 
 
which 
 
coul
d 
 
be 
 
found 
 
o
n 
Company’s 
w
ebpage, 
while 
specif
ically 
results 
of 
the 
Policy 
implementation 
wi
thin 
FY 
2022/2023, 
cou
ld 
be 
examined 
checking the Remuneratio
n Report of AB Linas Agro Group 
for 
t
he 
twelve 
months
 
perio
d 
en
ded 
30 
June 
2023 
(Annex 
8
).
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lithuania
71%
Latvia
22%
Other 
countries
7%
Lithuania
75%
Latvia
24%
Other 
countries
1%

Consolidated Annual Report of AB Linas Agro Group for the FY 2022/2023, ended June 30, 2023      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
76
 
 
 
17.
 
SOCIA
L 
RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AB  LINAS AGRO GROUP 
SUSTAINABIL
ITY REPORT 
 
FOR FY 2022/
2023 

This 
is
 
our
 second annual sustainability report 
in
 
accordance with the GRI
 
Standards for t
he latest fiscal year
 
2022
/
23
. Th
e Global Reporting Initiative
 (GRI) offers a 
robust framework for sustainabili
ty rep
orting, emphasizing the need 
for 
organizatio
ns 
to
 conduct 
due
 diligence 
on
 
their 
potential and 
actual impacts. 
The 
due
 diligence process 
in
 GRI 
involves
 a
 s
ystematic approach w
hereby 
an
 organization 
recognizes, prevents, 
manages, and accounts 
for 
its impacts
 
on
 the
 economy
, en
vironm
ent, 
and people, including human rights.
 
In 
line
 
with updates
 
to 
GRI reporting, 
we 
have incorporated t
he Sector
 
Standard GRI 
13
:
 
Agriculture, Aqu
aculture, and Fis
hing Sector
s 
2022
.
 
This integr
ation
 
with the
GRI
 
standar
ds
 
en
sures
 
we
 
meet
 
the
 
height
ene
d
 
t
ransparency
 
levels
 
mandated
 
by
 
the
 
GRI.
 
Notably,
 
all
 
impacts
 
and
 
material
 
t
opics
 
mandated
 
by
 
the
 
new
 
GRI
 
Sector
 
standar
ds
 
had
 
already
 
been
 
identified
 
as
 
significant
 
during
 
our
materiality assess
ment fr
om
 
the prev
ious
 
year. Althoug
h there were
 
slight shifts 
in 
topic prior
itization,
 
no 
major restatemen
ts
 
are required
.
We
 
ackno
wledge
 
t
he
 
efforts
 
of
 
our
 
team
 
in
 
enhancing
 
b
oth
 
the
 
due
 
dilige
nce
 
and
 
the
 
integration
 
of
 
the
 
sustainabil
ity
 
age
nda.
 
The
 
process
 
of
 
cons
olidating
 
sustainability
 
dat
a
 
on
 
a
 
Group
 
lev
el
 
involves
 
coordination
 
across
 
multiple
stakeholders, internal de
partments, and
 
compani
es and
 
can 
be
 
extremely complex and
 
challenging. Sustainability, as
 
a
 
reliable
 
measure 
of
 
our long-t
erm success, 
is
 
progressively taking
 
on 
gr
eater
 
significance within 
our
 
organization.
To 
ensure
 
comprehensive
 
integr
ation,
 
we 
are
 
wor
king
 
to
 
involve all
 
key decision-makers and data owners
 
as 
well 
as 
enthusiasts
 
and internal
 
advocates.
Adjustments 
to
 
t
he previous year's
 
data wer
e made 
due 
to 
re
fineme
nts 
in 
the dat
a collection process and revised methodol
ogies. These adjustments have bee
n noted and detailed 
in 
the relevan
t sections 
of 
this
 
report
. 
In 
the pursue 
of
more accurate repr
esentation:
- the eff
ects
 
of 
food products such as flour, flour mix
es and instant food are accounted and represented
 
in
 
the F
OOD segment instead 
of 
GRAIN, OIL
SEEDS,
 
and FEED seg
ment as 
per
 
pr
evious report;
-
 
total
 
out
put
 
volume w
as
 
recalculated,
 
mainly 
due
 
to
 
recorded
 
discrepancies
 
in
 
compound
 
feed
 
quantities,
 
as
 
well
 
as o
ther
 
minor
 
alignments; such
 
recalculation
 
requ
i
red
 
corresponding recalculation
 
of
 
cer
tain
 
KPI
 
ratios,
 
which
 
were
expressed 
per
 
ton 
of 
produ
ction.
Linas
 
Agro
 
Group,
 
AB
 
holds
 
a
 
signi
ficant
 
r
ole
 
in
 
the
 
local
 
food
 
in
dustry,
 
emphasizi
ng
 
ou
r
 
commi
tme
nt
 
to
 
deliveri
ng
 
afforda
ble,
 
n
utritious
,
 
and
 
accessible
 
meals.
 
As
 
a
 
principal
 
exp
orter
 
of
 
locally
-sourced
 
g
rain
 
and
 
oils
eeds,
 
we're
integrally linked
 
to 
the g
lobal food
 
system, a
 
ne
twor
k that
 
transcends borders
 
and 
is
 
influenced
 
by 
global tren
ds and
 
occur
rences. With o
ver
 
half 
of
 
our 
p
roduction directed
 
towards inter
national markets,
 
we 
recognize the
 
importance
of 
addressing sus
tainability c
hallenges 
on 
both the domestic and
 
global front
.
This
 
document
 
highlights
 
t
he
 
non
-financial
 
impacts
 
of
 
Li
nas
 
Ag
ro
 
Grou
p,
 
AB
 
to
 
our
 
diver
se
 
r
ange
 
of
 
stakeh
olders.
 
The
 
GRI
 
r
eporting
 
pr
ocess
 
and
 
the
 
final
 
r
epo
rt
 
hav
e
 
been
 
produced
 
by
 
the
 
independent
 
third-pa
rty
 
consultancy,
Sustainabil
ity.
lt
.
 
A
dditio
nally,
 
our
 
sustainability
 
report
 
alig
ns
 
w
ith
 
our
 
financial
 
reporting
 
(except
 
for
 
m
inimal
 
scope
 
dis
crepancies
 
re
lated
 
with
 
companies
 
not
 
included
 
in
 
this
 
r
eport,
 
please
 
refer
 
to
 
ANNEX
 
II
)
 
and
 
is
 
based
 
on
 
our
Group's fiscal year, only audited
 
data
 
is 
used 
in 
relevan
t di
sclosures.
REPORTING PRINCIPLES
:
•
 
Accurac
y: 
ensuring
 
consistency with evidence, clarity 
in 
data m
easurements,
 
and transpar
ent
 
disclosure
 
of 
estimations and their associ
ated methodo
logies.
•
 
Balance:
 
transparently
 
show
casing
 
year-
on
-yea
r
 
trends,
 
cl
early
 
diff
ere
ntiating
 
b
etween
 
f
acts
 
and
 
interpretations,
 
ensuri
ng
 
relevant
 
negative
 
impacts
 
are
 
included,
 
and
 
av
oiding
 
un
du
e
 
emphasis
 
on
 
po
sitiv
e
 
outcomes
 
to
 
p
revent
misleading conclusi
ons 
by
 
users.
•
 
Clarity: 
organizing information
 
for easy retrieval, usi
ng clear language,
 
avoiding jargon, and incorporating
 
visuals and c
onsolidated
 
data
 
to 
enhance
 
comprehension.
•
 
Comparability:
 
using
 
internationally recog
nized m
etrics and
 
maint
aining
 
unifo
rmity
 
in
 
data
 
m
easuremen
t
 
and
 
p
resentatio
n
 
methods.
 
This
 
ensures
 
that
 
dat
a,
 
whether
 
absol
ute
 
or
 
rat
i
o-based,
 
can
 
be
 
compared,
 
and
 
an
y chang
es
 
or
restatemen
ts
 
are clearly contextualized
 
fo
r the user's understanding.
•
 
Completeness:  
a
ny 
information ess
ential 
to 
c
omprehen
ding
 
the organization's i
mpacts 
is 
disclosed and contextualised.
•
 
Sustainability context: 
L
inas Agro Group,
 
AB 
is 
the largest ver
tically integrated ag
riculture and food business 
in 
Baltic State
s. Our scope 
of 
oper
ations
 
has measurable and significant imp
acts 
to 
people and environment. Due 
to
 
the
complex natu
re 
of our
 
business
es, 
we 
analyse most
 
of 
th
e social
 
impacts 
on 
Grou
p level,
 
while env
ironm
ental impacts
 
are
 
more distinguishabl
e 
on
 
business segment
 
level. 
To
 
contextualize 
our 
impact
 
within
 
the b
roade
r
 
frame 
of
sustainable
 
development,
 
we
 
reference
 
authoritative
 
m
easures,
 
align
 
our
 
report
 
w
ith
 
g
lobal
 
sustainability
 
objectives
 
like
 
t
he
 
UN's
 
Paris
 
Agre
ement,
 
and
 
adhere
 
to
 
recognized
 
guidelines
 
such
 
as
 
the
 
OECD's
 
d
irectives
 
f
or
multinational enterprises
 
and the UN's human rights principl
es, while al
so tailoring 
our 
report 
to
 
var
ious local contexts.
•
 
Timeliness: 
timeliness
 
in 
rep
orting
 
requires a balanc
e between
 
prom
pt avai
labili
ty and maintaining
 
high-quality information
 
that adher
es
 
to 
other reporting
 
principles.
•
 
Verifiability: 
we 
maintain s
tructur
ed documentation,
 
ensure transparency 
in 
decision-making,
 
design systems conducive 
to 
ex
ternal reviews, and substantiate data with evidence 
or 
c
larify uncert
ainties.
SUSTAINABILIT
Y TARGETS:
 
w
e disclos
e 
our
 progress 
on
 
the
 sustai
nability agenda appro
ved last year (
2021
/
22
).
 The reasons behind different paces 
of
 improvements are 
analyze
d and
 discl
osed. Our sustainability 
agenda 
is 
appro
ved
 
by 
key desicion makers 
on
 
boar
d
 
level and 
is
 
cascaded 
to
 
the subsidiries. All commitments and goals 
are aligned with 
UN’s
 Sustainable Development 
G
oals. 
EXTERNAL AS
SURANCE
: 
no
 external as
surance was commissioned 
for this repor
t.
REPORTING FREQUENCY: 
we
 are committed 
to
 publi
sh 
GRI report
s 
annually.
CONTACTS: 
all stakeholders are 
encouraged 
to
 send 
us
 feedback 
or
 
ask any questions related 
to
 
the content
 
of
 this report.
 
Key contact 
D
ovilė
 
Revutaitė
, 
D.REVUTAITE@LINASAGRO.
LT
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
B
 
O
 
U
 
T
 
 
 
T
 
H
 
I
 
S
 
 
 
P
 
U
 
B
 
L
 
I
 
C
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
GRI: 2-
1, 2-2, 2-3
, 2-4, 2-5
, 2-12
, 
2-
14
77

VA
L
UE
S
or 
what 
we wa
nt 
to 
be
RESPONSIBLE:
Acting sustainably and with a sense 
of responsibi
lit
y to 
employees, the environment, investors, and the community.
DYNAMIC:
We are vibrant optim
ists
 
- pa
ssi
onate and not afraid to be 
challenged.
CREATIVE:
We are
 curious. Aim to make something new and useful or 
valuable.
COO
PERATIVE
:
Cooperate with colleagues, c
ustomers, investors, and 
communities. We value long-term 
partnerships.
MISSIO
N
New era
 of sus
tainable 
agriculture and nourishing f
ood.
Unlock the 
potential of ag
riculture 
and food industry.
VISIO
N
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
B
 
O
 
U
 
T
 
 
 
U
 
S
GRI: 2-
23 
78

The infograph
ic 
ill
ustrates 
a
ll 
volume
s 
o
f key 
inputs
and our outputs 
for socie
ty, 
value
 
generatio
n 
to
share
hol
der 
an
d effects on environ
ment.
I
N
PU
T
S
O
U
T
P
UTS
PR
OD
U
CT
S
 &
SE
RV
I
C
ES
**
F
IN
AN
CI
AL
RE
SU
LT
S
NE
G
ATI
V
E 
OU
TP
UT
S
4,956
EMPLOYEES*
CULTIVATE
D 
19,229 HA 
/
OWNED 
 6,074 
HA 
LAND
49.8M
BROILERS 
RAISED
3,264
DAIRY 
COWS
82 
THOUS
 
T.
FEED 
PURCHASED
7.3 THOUS
 
T.
PACK
AGING
8.9 THOUS
 
T.
FERTILISE
RS 
USED
264 GWH
NATURAL 
GAS
87.6 GW
H
ELECTR
ICITY
70 GWH
FUEL
EUR 1,999.6 
m
CONSOLIDATED 
REVENUE
EUR 67.3 
m
CONSOLIDATED 
EBITDA
EUR 
138 
m
WAGES 
PAID
EUR 
9.5m
INCOME 
TAX PAID
EUR 219.7m
MARKET 
CAPITA
LISATION
EUR 2m
GRANTS 
& SUBSIDIES 
RECE
IVED
EUR 13.6m
PAYMENTS 
TO 
CAPITA
L PROVIDERS
135.2 
THOUS 
T.
Scope 
1 GHG 
EMISSIONS
C0
2
3.3  THOUS 
T.
WASTE DIRE
CTED T
O 
LANDFILL
562. T.
INCINERATE
D 
WASTE
2.1 THOUS 
T.
RECYC
LED  W
ASTE
0.85
TRIR
118 
THOUS 
T.
LIVE W
IEGHT
POULTRY
21.7 THOUS 
T.
INSTANT 
FOOD
2.1 millio
n 
 
T.
GRAIN 
EXPORT
282 THOUS 
T.
COMPOUND 
FEE
D
133 THOUS 
T.
CROP 
HARVEST
1
5 
THOUS. 
T
. 
PLANT C
ARE 
PRODUCTS
283
 
THOUS. 
T
. 
FERTILISE
RS SOLD
11.2 THOUS 
T.
PET FOOD
64.6 THOUS 
T.
FLOUR 
AND 
FLOUR 
MIXES
37,876 
T.
MILK 
PRODUCTION
SALES AND R
ENT 
EUR 142.4m
AGRICULTU
RAL 
EQUIPMENT
27.2 THOUS 
T. 
pr
epar
ed
30 
THOUS 
T
. sol
d
SEEDS
SALES EUR 
12.4m
FAR
M
I
N
G
 
EQ
UI
P
M
EN
T 
GRI: 2-
6, 2-7, 20
1-1
, 
201
-4, 30
1-1, 302-
1,
 
305
-1, 306
-2, 403-
9,
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAIN
ABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR 
ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMEN
TAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMP
ACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
2
 
0
 
2
 
2
 
/
 
2
 
0
 
2
 
3
 
 
I
 
N
 
 
 
N
 
U
 
M
 
B
 
E
 
R
 
S
NOTE:
•
 
*E
mployees number as of 2023/06/30
 
not includ
ing data of employees in Belarus, as wel
l as dormant 
companies in Baltics (pl
ease re
fer to Group
 structure to 
find
 out more), also not eli
minating multi
-company 
employee numbers (some employees are employed in several group
 companies);
•
 
**
Products and services figures 
do not 
e
xclude intra Group 
transact
ions
•
 
We do not inclu
de evaporation fro
m gra
in 
drying process.
79

PL
EE
LV
LT
BY
UA
NL
#1
Largest agrib
us
ines
s 
and food
 company
in the Baltics
68 
sub
si
diari
es
2
 
ass
ociates
Foun
ded 
in
1991
2010
Lis
ted on
Nasdaq
 Vilniu
s
10
 
ye
a
r
s
In poultry 
business
20
 
ye
a
r
s
In agric
ulture 
business
25
 
ye
a
r
s
I
n prod
ucts for 
farmers
32
 
y
ea
r
s
In grain trade 
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNE
XES
A
 
B
 
O
 
U
 
T
 
 
 
U
 
S
 
:
 
 
 
A
 
G
 
R
 
O
 
B
 
U
 
S
 
I
 
N
 
E
 
S
 
S
 
 
&
 
 
 
F
 
O
 
O
 
D
 
 
 
G
 
R
 
O
 
U
 
P
5 
b
u
si
n
e
ss
Se
g
m
en
t
s
m
or
e
 th
a
n
60
 d
i
ff
e
r
en
t
 
l
o
ca
t
i
on
s
GRI: 2-
1, 2-6
80

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
S
 
T
 
A
 
K
 
E
 
H
 
O
 
L
 
D
 
E
 
R
 
 
 
A
 
S
 
S
 
E
 
S
 
S
 
M
 
E
 
N
 
T
OUR 
PEOPLE
OUR 
NEIGHBOURS
CLIENTS
SUPP
LIERS
REGULATORS
CAPITAL 
PROVIDERS
COMMUNICAT
ION
CHANNELS
SOCIETY: EMPLOYEE
S&COMMUNI
TIES
BUSINE
SS PA
RTNER
S: 
SUPPLIERS&CLIENTS
REG
ULATOR
S&CAPITAL 
SUPPLIERS
Hones
t 
treatment
Stability
Consiste
nt 
career d
evelop
ment
Occupational safety
Personal dev
elopment
Fair and transparent salary
Participation  
in
  the  decision-making 
process
Innov
ations
Management 
of
 adverse 
effects
Good reputation
Quality
Timely execution of 
contracts
Reliable supp
ly
Flexibility
Traceability
Good reputation
Reducing air
 pollution
 &
 
CO
2
emissions
Reducing the use 
of drugs 
& antibiotics
Animal welfare
Optimising packaging
Reducing food waste
Managing negative 
impacts
Optimising the use of 
pesticides and 
fertili
sers
Financial return
Operational 
effici
ency
Transparency 
Risk management 
Compliance
Good 
management 
practices
Reputation
Reduction 
of
 
CO
2
 
emissions
Compliance with standards
Business
 
continuity
Execution 
of
 c
ontractual terms
Loyalty
Risk management
Employment oppo
rtunities
Economic inclusion 
Positive
 
economic effec
ts
Supporting local communities
Accessibility 
of
 services
Sustainable
 
business
 
practic
es
Respons
ible 
agric
ulture
Odours/air quality
Responsible 
 
management 
 
of
 
environme
ntal 
resources
 
Compliance
Product safety
Timely reports
Taxes
-
 
Daily activities
-
 
Involv
ement
 
in
 cross-functional teams
-
 
Employee training
-
 
Annual performance reviews
-
 
Intranet
 
channel
-
 
Newslette
rs
-
 
Teambuildings, Company events
-
 
Employee surveys
-
 
Financial reports
-
 
Webinars
-
 
Shareholder meetings
-
 
Credit agreements
-
 
Stock exchange
-
 
Public 
announ
cements
-
 
Business
 
plans
-
 
Media
-
 
Contracts
-
 
Negotiations
-
 
Exhibitions
-
 
Media
-
 
Social networks
-
 
Custome
r 
line
-
 
Focus groups
-
 
Meetings
-
 
Consultat
ions
-
 
Quality control
We
 
und
erstand
 
that
 
our
 
sustainable
 
develo
pment
 
is
 
highly
 
depe
ndent
 
on
 
our
ability
 
to
 
meet
 
the
 
exp
ectations
 
of
 
key
 
stakehol
ders,
 
inclu
ding
 
our
 
busi
ness
partners,
 
employees,
 
sha
rehold
ers,
 
and
 
local
 
communities
 
(our
 
neighbours).
Key
 
stakeholders
 
a
re
 
entities
 
or
 
individuals
 
whose
 
engagement
 
with
 
our
business
 
ac
tivities,
 
products,
 
or
 
s
ervices
 
ca
n
 
sign
ificantly
 
impac
t
 
t
hem,
 
and
whose
 
a
ctions
 
can
 
reasonably
 
be
 
expected
 
to
 
influen
ce
 
our
 
a
bilit
y
 
to
 
pursue
our 
business stra
tegies and achieve
 
our 
obj
ectives.
It
 
is
 
important
 
to
 
note
 
that
 
we
 
ha
ve
 
previously
 
co
nducted
 
th
is
 
exercise
 
for
 
our
reporting
 
purposes.
 
Ov
er
 
the
 
year,
 
we
 
have
 
expanded
 
the
 
stakeholder
assessment
 
process
 
to
 
the
 
segment
 
level,
 
a
llowing
 
us
 
to
 
gather
 
insigh
ts
 
and
feedback
 
more
 
comprehensi
vely
.
 
This
 
bottom
-
up
 
a
pproach
 
has
 
enab
led
 
us
 
to
represent
 
the
 
contextual
 
perspectives
 
of
 
various
 
k
ey
 
stakeholder
 
groups
effectively.
STEP I. BENCHMARKING
•
 
Assessment 
of 
indust
ry-specifi
c
 
iss
ues and best p
ractices
STEP 
II
. IDENTIFICATION
•
 
Identifi
cation
 
of 
a full list 
of 
stak
eholde
rs though 
the 
entire supply chain
•
 
Stakeholder
 
mapping
 
based
 
on
 
their
 
influence
 
a
nd
 
interest
 
in
 
our
 
long-term
success
•
 
Approval 
by 
key decisi
on mak
ers
STEP 
III
: ENGAGEMENT
 
PLAN
-
 
Assessment
 
of
 
the
 
most
 
re
liable
 
methods
 
a
nd
 
communication
 
chann
els
 
to
collect feedback (expectatio
ns a
nd
 
grie
vances)
STEP 
IV
:
 
PERFORMANCE
-
 
Revision 
of 
exist
ing
 
engagements
-
 
Assessme
nt 
of 
our understanding 
of 
the key exp
ectation
s and grievances 
of
our 
stakeholders
-
 
Reaching
 
out 
to 
our 
stakeholders 
to 
fill 
in
 
the 
gaps
STEP V:
 
ANALYSIS
-
 
Analysis 
of 
relevant info
rmation 
on 
stak
ehold
er engagement
-
 
Categori
sation
 
of
 
a
ll
 
stak
eholde
rs
 
by
 
their
 
interest
 
and
 
influence
 
a
rea
s
 
into
major groups
-
 
Summary
 
of
 
the
 
key
 
points
 
on
 
stak
ehold
er
 
engagement
 
in
 
the
 
foll
owing
table
-
 
Constantly strengtheni
ng 
the
 dialogue and 
building
 culture 
of
 trust
-
 
Promoting the exchange o
f employ
ees’ experiences and ideas with
in 
the Group
-
 
Focus 
on
 occupational safety and he
alth
-
 
Promoting employ
ee inclusion a
nd 
the
 sense
 
of
 pride 
in
 
working with
 
us
-
 
Adequa
tely 
addressin
g issues a
nd question
s ra
ised
-
 
Social
 
and econ
omic inclusi
veness
 
an
-
 
Commitmen
t 
to 
economi
cally stressed communities
-
 
Financial support 
to 
vulnerable groups
-
 
“Good neighbou
r” 
approach
-
 
Only high-quality and nutri
tious food products
-
 
Focus 
on
 transparent and efficien
t 
processes
-
 
Ac
tive 
participation 
in
 international
 
trade shows
-
 
Standardization and developmen
t 
of
 products and services 
-
 
Communication and pro
active disclosure of social and environmental imp
acts of 
activities, purchase practices, and overall Group
’s efforts
-
 
Ambitious yet realistic sustainability a
genda
-
 
Focusing 
on
 solving 
occurring client probl
ems swiftly
-
 
Consistent 
 
assessment, 
 
c
ommunication
 
 
a
nd 
 
promotion 
 
of
 
 
s
ocial 
 
a
nd 
environmen
tal  action  
by
  suppliers,  reducing  negative  impacts  throughout  
the
 
supply
 cha
in
-
 
Fulfilling 
contractual terms 
in
 a ti
mely and honest manne
r
-
 
Where relevant, striving 
to
 meet 
the
 standards set
 
by
 suppli
ers
-
 
We
 assess, communicate and promo
te  social and en
vironmental actions
-
 
Eva
luate  
our
  po
ssibilities  
to
,  red
uce  negati
ve  impacts  thro
ughou
t  the  supp
ly 
chain includi
ng those related 
to
 
-
 
Fulfilling 
contractual terms 
in
 a ti
mely and honest manne
r
-
 
W
here rel
evant, stri
ving 
to
 meet 
the
 standards set 
by
 suppl
iers
-
 
Zero tolerance for breac
hes
-
 
Tra
nsparent and
 
ti
mely reportin
g
-
 
Promotion 
of 
long
-term cooperatio
n
-
 
R
emaining a
 
reli
able and respected social partner
OUR ACTIONS
STAKEHOLDERS ASSE
SSMENT STEPS:
EXPECTATIONS AND GRIEVANCES
EXPECTATIONS AND GRIEVANCES
GRI: 2-
24. 2-25, 2-2
6, 2-2
9, 3-
1,
81

SFDR"
 
in
 
the
 
cont
ext
 
of
 
financial
 
r
eporting
 
stands
 
for
 
the
 
"
Sustainable
Finance
 
Disclosure
 
R
egulation."
 
This
 
Europ
ean
 
U
nion
 
regulation,
 
which
came
 
into
 
effect
 
in
 
Mar
ch
 
2021
,
 
is
 
part
 
of
 
the
 
EU's
 
broader
 
agenda
 
to
integrate
 
sustainabili
ty
 
consideratio
ns
 
into
 
its
 
financial
 
policy
 
f
ramework.
The
 
SFDR
 
aims
 
to
 
increase
 
transparency
 
and
 
provide
 
clearer
 
information
on 
sustainabil
ity 
to 
investors.
In
 
t
he
 
GRI
 
Standar
ds,
 
due
 
diligence
 
is
 
the
 
s
ystematic
 
approach
 
an
organization
 
ado
pts
 
to
 
recog
nize,
 
prevent,
 
manage,
 
an
d
 
account
 
fo
r
 
its
potential
 
and
 
actual
 
adver
se
 
impacts
 
on
 
t
he
 
econo
my,
 
environment,
 
and
individuals,
 
inclusive
 
of
 
their
 
human
 
rights.
 
The
 
organization
 
should
proactively
 
address
 
possible
 
adverse
 
effects
 
through
 
preventive
 
or
mitigative
 
actions.
 
In
 
situations
 
w
her
e
 
the
 
organization
 
determines
 
t
hat
 
it
has
 
either
 
instigated
 
or
 
played
 
a
 
part
 
in
 
the
 
negative
 
outcomes,
 
t
here
should
 
be 
eff
orts towards rectification.
The
 
manner
 
in
 
w
hich
 
an
 
organization
 
is
 
associated
 
with
 
these
 
adverse
effects
 
will
 
guide
 
its
 
r
esponse
 
strateg
y.
 
This
 
association
 
also
 
d
ictates
 
if
the
 
organizatio
n
 
is
 
ob
liged
 
to
 
participate
 
in
 
or
 
facilitate
 
the
 
r
ectification
process. Key actions for the org
anization
 
include:
- Ensuring
 
they
 
ne
ithe
r cause
 
nor
 
contribute 
to 
adverse
 
outcomes through
their
 
own
 
activities,
 
and,
 
when
 
such
 
i
ssues
 
ar
ise,
 
t
aking
 
responsibility
 
by
actively engaging 
in
 
or 
support
ing
 
the rectification process.
-
 
For
 
negative
 
consequences
 
directly
 
associated
 
with
 
the
 
org
ani
zation’s
operations,
 
products,
 
or
 
services
 
due
 
to
 
its
 
business
 
relationships,
 
the
organization
 
should
 
aim
 
to
 
prevent
 
or
 
minimiz
e
 
these
 
ef
fects,
 
even
 
if
 
not
directly responsible
 
for them.
If
 
addre
ssing
 
all
 
adverse
 
impacts
 
simultaneously
 
is
 
cha
llenging,
 
the
organization
 
should
 
prioritize
 
based
 
on
 
t
he
 
gravity
 
and
 
probability
 
of
occurrence.
 
Specifically
,
 
f
or
 
potential
 
adverse
 
human
 
rights
 
effe
cts,
 
the
impact's severity supersedes
 
i
ts probability.
GRI's
 
D
ue
 
Diligence
 
and
 
SFDR's
 
Principal
 
Adverse
 
Impact
 
(PAI)
Assessment:
ALIGNMENT 
ON
 
IMPACTS
Both
 
the
 
GRI's
 
due
 
diligence
 
process
 
and
 
SFDR's
 
PAI
 
assess
ment
emphasize
 
understandin
g
 
an
 
organization's
 
br
oader
 
impacts,
 
not
 
just
 
its
operational f
ootp
rint.
 
The
y highlight
 
the
 
impo
rtance
 
of
 
assess
ing
 
pot
ential
adverse outcomes and taking preventive 
or
 
mitigative
 
actions.
COMPREHENSIVE APP
ROACH
GRI’s
 
due
 
diligence
 
process
 
involves
 
considering
 
an
 
array
 
of
 
impacts,
ranging
 
f
rom
 
en
viro
nmental
 
to
 
social,
 
much
 
like
 
t
he
 
spectr
um
 
of
 
impacts
considered 
under
 
SF
DR's PAI
 
assessment.
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
U
 
N
 
D
 
E
 
R
 
S
 
T
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
I
 
N
 
G
 
 
 
O
 
U
 
R
 
 
 
I
 
M
 
P
 
A
 
C
 
T
 
S
 
.
 
 
 
S
 
F
 
D
 
R
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
P
 
A
 
I
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
GRI
 
places
 
a
 
significant
 
emphasis
 
on
 
stakeholder
 
engagement
 
to
determine material topics for
 
reportin
g.
 
T
his aspect aligns w
ith the
 
SFDR’s
intent
 
to
 
ensure
 
that
 
or
ganizatio
ns
 
ar
e
 
t
ranspa
rent
 
about
 
the
 
adverse
impacts that matter mo
st
 
to 
stakeho
lders.
ACCOUNTAB
ILITY & TRANSPARENCY
GRI's
 
f
ramework
 
u
rges
 
organizations
 
to
 
be
 
accountabl
e
 
for
 
the
ir
 
adverse
impacts
 
and
 
t
ake
 
corr
ective
 
actions
 
when
 
they
 
cause
 
or
 
contr
ibute
 
to
negative
 
outcomes.
 
Similarl
y,
 
the
 
S
FDR
 
requires
 
financial
 
market
participants 
to 
disc
lose 
how
 
they
 
consider and address PAIs.
CONTINUOUS REVIEW
Both
 
GRI
 
and
 
SFDR
 
encourage
 
regular
 
mon
itoring
 
and
 
review
 
of
 
t
he
identified adverse i
mpacts, ensuring that mitigation strateg
ies
 
are ef
fective
and adjusted as 
needed
.
PRIORITIZATION
In
 
situations
 
where
 
addressing
 
all
 
adv
erse
 
impact
s
 
simultaneously
 
is
challenging,
 
both
 
the
 
GRI
 
and
 
SFDR
 
highli
ght
 
t
he
 
importance
 
of
prioritizing
..
In
 
essence,
 
the
 
GRI's
 
approach
 
to
 
due
 
diligence
 
offers
 
a
 
f
oundational
framework
 
that
 
can
 
serve
 
organizatio
ns
 
well
 
as
 
t
hey
 
navigat
e
 
the
requirem
ents 
of
 
the SFDR, especially around t
he Principal Adverse Impact
assessment.
ENVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS
Greenhouse
 
Gas
 
E
missions
 
B
oth
 
d
airy
 
cattle
 
and
 
poultr
y
 
produ
ce
significant
 
methane
 
emissi
ons.
 
Grain
 
agr
icult
ure,
 
especially
 
when
 
done
unsustainably, can result 
in 
nitrous oxi
de emissions
 
fr
om 
the
 
soil.
Water
 
Pollution
 
Dairy
 
cattle,
 
poultry
 
farms,
 
and
 
gr
ain
 
ag
ricul
ture
 
can
 
all
lead
 
to
 
nut
rient
 
runoff
 
(nitroge
n
 
and
 
phospho
rus),
 
potent
ially
 
causing
waterway
 
eutrophication.
 
Pesticides
 
and
 
herbicides
 
u
sed
 
in
 
grain
 
f
arming
can fur
ther contaminate
 
w
ater sources.
Land Degrad
ation
 
soil health 
is 
a mater
ial topic 
in 
our 
Group.
Biodiversity Loss
 
our
 
o
perations are
 
limited 
by 
the
 
arable
 
land and
 
species
we 
c
ultivate can lead 
to 
habitat destruction, impacting local ecosys
tems.
SOCIAL ISSUE
S
Workers'
 
Rights.
 
A
ll
 
production
 
activities
 
w
ithin
 
the
 
Gro
up
 
can
 
have
challenging work
 
conditions, ranging from potential health hazards 
in
 
grain
farming 
due
 
to
 
p
esticide exposure 
to 
long hours 
in
 
milling plants 
or
 
p
oul
try
farms.
Public
 
Health.
 
Overuse
 
of
 
antibiotics 
in
 
bot
h
 
dairy
 
and
 
poultry far
ming
 
can
lead
 
to
 
antibiotic
 
resista
nce.
 
Grain
 
agr
icultu
re,
 
when
 
reliant
 
on
 
excessive
pesticides, presents
 
risks 
of
 
chemical residues
 
in
 
f
ood.
Animal
 
Welfare.
 
Intensive
 
dairy
 
and
 
poultry
 
farming
 
pr
actices
 
hav
e
 
been
scrutinized for their impacts 
on
 
animal well-being.
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
Local
 
Econom
y. 
T
he
 
proli
feration 
of
 
large-scale
 
operations 
in
 
any
 
of
 
these
industries c
an influence the economic viabil
ity 
of 
smaller, l
ocal businesses.
Price
 
Volatility
 
All
 
these
 
secto
rs
 
can
 
be
 
affecte
d
 
by
 
fluctuat
ions
 
in
 
feed
prices, global market dynamics
, diseases, and cli
mate impacts.
SUPP
LY
 
CHAIN CHALL
ENGES
Feed Pro
duction. 
Bo
th poultry and
 
dairy
 
catt
le requ
ire feed,
 
the production
of
 
which
 
can
 
have
 
extensive
 
environmental
 
impacts.
 
Grain
 
agr
icultu
re,
when focused 
on 
monocul
tures, can make
 
regions vulne
rable 
to 
pests and
diseases.
Transportation.
 
The
 
t
ranspo
rt
 
of
 
gr
ai
ns,
 
milk,
 
pou
ltry,
 
and
 
flour
 
re
qui
res
energy and has associated carbon emis
sions.
PRODUCT SAFETY AN
D QUALITY
Contaminati
on
 
Risks.
 
From
 
g
rains
 
to
 
milk,
 
t
here's
 
potential
 
f
or
 
pr
oduct
contamination,
 
whether
 
it's
 
f
rom
 
pathogens,
 
chemical
 
residues,
 
or
 
other
contaminants.
RESOURCE INTENSIVE
NESS
Energ
y
 
Consumption.
 
All
 
Group
 
production
 
sites
 
require
 
controlled
environment
s,
 
and have significant energy
 
deman
ds.
Given
 
the
 
focus
 
of
 
the
 
SFDR
 
on
 
sustainability 
our
 
Group
 
seeks
 
to
 
pr
ovide
maximum
 
t
ranspare
ncy
 
and
 
disclose
 
how
 
we
 
manage
 
th
ese
 
adverse
impacts.
 
Our
 
diverse
 
teams
 
of
 
pro
fessi
onals
 
assess,
 
de
velop
 
and
implement
 
clear
 
str
ategies
 
to
 
mitigate
 
these
 
risks,
 
ensuri
ng
 
that
 
our
activities are respon
sibly
 
and sustainably
.
LEGAL REGULATIONS
Poultry,
 
agriculture,
 
and
 
food
 
sectors
 
are
 
among
 
t
he
 
most
 
regulated
industries
 
globally
 
due
 
to
 
their
 
direct
 
impact
 
on
 
hu
man
 
health
,
environmental
 
safety,
 
and
 
economic
 
significance.
 
Not
 
only
 
does
 
this
compliance
 
ensure
 
that
 
bu
siness
es
 
can
 
sustainably
 
oper
ate
 
within
 
t
heir
licenses, 
but
 
it
 
also
 
serv
es
 
as
 
a
 
prot
ective
 
shield,
 
managing
 
risks and
 
pr
e-
empting potential adversities
GRI: 2-
24, 2-25, 3-1
, 3-3
82

Taxonomy eligibl
e ac
tivity 
examples throughout 
the Group
NACE codes
Taxonomy 
eligible, sh
are 
%
Taxonomy 
aligned, share 
%
Income assessm
ent:
Elevator, far
m equipment 
/ str
uctures ins
tallation projects, 
owner
ship 
and rent of various 
buildings, 
transport
ation 
r
ent i
ncome
68.2 / 41.2 / 49.41 / 50.2
 
0.54
%
 
0%
CapEx
 assessm
ent:
Purchase of real estate, new non
-resident
ial 
buildings construction, purchase of 
passenger or c
argo vehicles, ins
tallation 
of a solar photovoltaic 
power 
plant
L68 / F41.1, F41.2, F43 / H49.39, 
N77.11
 / H49.4.1, N77.11 / F42, 
F43, 
M71, C16, C17, C22, C23, C25
, C27, C28
33.2
0%
 
0%
OpEx
 assessm
ent:
 
not repor
ted 
due to requir
ed 
upd
ates 
in existing accounting sys
tem to support data collection bas
ed on Taxonomy 
criteria 
Climate Risk & Vulnerabil
ity 
Assessment:
combined G
roup asses
sment has not been 
carried out, however
 
case b
y cas
e applicable on different
 
Group Segment levels
Minimal 
safeuards:
 
based on Platform 
on Sustainable F
inance, 202
2 
-
 Group 
compliance with minimal 
safeg
uards is considered 
t
o be
 
partial
SUMMARY TABLE: COMPLIANCE WITH 
THE EU TAXONOMY R
EGULATION, FY 2022/23
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OU
R ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVE
RNANCE
 
ANNEXES
U
 
N
 
D
 
E
 
R
 
S
 
T
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
I
 
N
 
G
 
 
O
 
U
 
R
 
 
 
I
 
M
 
P
 
A
 
C
 
T
 
S
 
.
 
 
 
E
 
U
 
 
 
T
 
A
 
X
 
O
 
N
 
O
 
M
 
Y
 
 
 
R
 
E
 
G
 
U
 
L
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
The 
Eur
opean 
Union 
(EU) 
Taxonomy 
Re
gulation, 
(EU) 
2020
/
852
,
 
and 
t
he 
delegat
ed 
act
s 
adopted 
 
pursuant 
to
 
it
 
(hereinafter 
referred 
to
 
as 
th
e 
Taxonomy) 
is
 
a 
classification 
s
ystem 
for 
env
iron
mentally
 
sustainable 
economic 
activities 
aimed 
at
 
encourag
ing 
private 
investment 
in
 
activities 
cont
ributing 
to
 
t
he 
European
 
Green 
Deal. 
Th
e 
taxonomy 
defines 
cr
iteria 
based 
on
 
scientific 
evidence
 
for
 
assessi
ng 
the 
sustainability 
of
 
activities 
an
d 
establishes 
the 
report
ing 
obligations 
of
 companies.
Consolidated overview 
of
 
the taxonomic activities
 
carried
 
out by 
the 
Group (AB
 
"Linas Agro
 
Group" t
ogether with
 
its subsidiaries) and compliance
 
w
ith the cr
iteria 
of
 
the Taxonomy acc
ording 
to 
the
 
main indicators (income,
 
CapEx,
OpEx) 
is 
pro
vided 
in 
the 
ANNEX V
. Below summary table covers 
the 
main
 
aspects 
of 
the disclosure.
GRI: 2-
1
83

product
 
quality
Average
 
 
 
 
S
ignificant  
Critical
Average 
 
 
 
 
 
Significant 
 
 
 
 
Criti
cal 
local communit
ies
partnersh
ips
biodiversit
y
responsible consumpt
ion 
internall
y
compliance (regulations & certificati
ons)
human capital
 
development
waste management
Employees welfare
soil health
optimal
 
consumpti
on of fer
tili
zers and pesticides
good busin
ess managemen
t 
practices
innovati
on
animal welfare
food safety
risk management
energy efficiency
occupati
onal 
safety & health
human rights
ethics / reput
ation
value creatio
n to 
shareholders
economic inclu
sion
trusted tax payer
P
ackag
ing
equalit
y
transparency of supply chain
 GHG emi
ssions
high quality and ensured availabil
ity of 
raw materials
signifi
cance
 
to 
stake
holders
signific
ance
 
to 
Group’s l/t 
success
CH
O
OSING 
WH
A
T 
R
EA
LLY 
M
A
TTERS
Materiality
 
is
 
a
 
concept
 
that
 
p
lays
 
a
 
pivotal
 
role
 
in
 
financial
 
and
sustainabili
ty
 
r
eporting.
 
It
 
acts
 
as
 
a
 
th
reshold,
 
influencing
 
the decisions
 
of
stakeholders,
 
particularly
 
investors.
 
However,
 
materiality
 
takes
 
on
 
a
 
dual
nature 
in 
sustainability report
ing,
 
serving two critical dimensions.
In
 
sustainability
 
rep
orting,
 
m
ateriality
 
is
 
the
 
g
uiding
 
principle
 
that
determines
 
w
hich
 
relevant
 
topics
 
deserve
 
reporting.
 
It
 
f
unctions
 
as
 
a
 
tool
to
 
identify
 
key
 
subjects
 
essential
 
for
 
our
 
long
-term
 
success
 
and
 
securing
our 
s
ocial and legal license 
to 
operate.
Following
 
the
 
guidelines
 
of
 
th
e
 
Global
 
Repo
rting
 
Initiative
 
(GRI),
 
all
material t
opic
s are
 
meticulously mappe
d 
to 
a
ssess thei
r significance 
in
 
the
context 
of 
our
 
business continuity and
 
the
ir importance
 
to 
stakeholder
s.
Throughout
 
this
 
report,
 
we
 
analyse
 
and
 
pr
esent
 
d
ata
 
and
 
relevant
information
 
on
 
t
he
 
mo
st
 
mater
ial
 
topics,
 
adhering
 
to
 
GRI
 
standar
ds.
Additional
ly,
 
our
 
materiality
 
assessment
 
helps
 
us
 
identify
 
key
 
risks
 
and
critically importan
t
 
sustainability areas for 
our
 
org
anization.
This
 
process
 
underscores
 
our
 
commitment
 
to
 
transparency
 
and
sustainabili
ty
 
rep
orting,
 
r
einfo
rcing
 
our
 
dedication
 
to
 
long-term
 
success
while building
 
tr
ust and support
 
among 
our 
diverse group 
of 
stakeholders.
Our
 
mat
eriality
 
assessment
 
process
 
is
 
closely
 
tied
 
to
 
th
e
 
scope
 
and
intricacies
 
of
 
the
 
Group's
 
op
erations.
 
Building
 
on
 
the
 
insights
 
f
rom
 
the
previous
 
year,
 
we've
 
initiated
 
a
 
new
 
assessm
ent
 
cycle
 
t
hat
 
involves
 
all
 
key
decision-makers
 
from across the Group.
This
 
year,
 
the
 
materiality
 
assessment
 
pr
ocess
 
delved
 
deeply
 
into
 
material
topics, examining them at both the business segment and Company levels.
Notably,
 
in
 
companies
 
like
 
AB
 
Kauno
 
Grūdai
 
and
 
Linas
 
Agro,
 
we
conducted individual mapping 
to 
capture
 
t
heir unique operational nuances.
When
 
assessing
 
materiality
 
in
 
the
 
poultr
y
 
business,
 
we
 
considered
 
both
Lithuanian and Latvian units together.
This
 
t
horough
 
materiality
 
assess
ment
 
process
 
has
 
not
 
only
 
helped
 
us
pinpoint
 
critical
 
topics
 
for
 
our
 
organization
 
but
 
has
 
also
 
reinf
orced
 
our
commitment 
to 
t
ranspar
ency and
 
sustainability re
porting, 
in
 
alignment w
ith
Global
 
Reporting
 
Initiative
 
(GRI)
 
standards.
 
In
 
th
e
 
followi
ng
 
sections,
 
we
present
 
the
 
r
es
ults
 
of
 
this
 
r
igorous
 
assessment,
 
shedding
 
light
 
on
 
t
he
 
key
issues
 
that
 
dr
ive 
our 
long-term success and dedication 
to
 
ear
ning the trust
and support 
of our
 
stakeholder
s.
STEP I: STAKEHOLDER
 
ENGAGEMENT
As
 
 
per
 
 
previous 
 
chapter, 
 
IMPA
CT 
 
ASSESS
MENT: 
 
E
NGAGING 
 
WITH 
OUR STAKEHOLDERS
. 
STEP 
II
: IDENTIFICAT
ION
The  final  mapping  and  p
rioritisation 
 
of
  mater
ial 
 
top
ics 
 
was  performed, 
taking into account the fo
llowing 
factors:
-
 
Results 
of
 stakeholder
 
eng
agement
: 
expectations and grievances
-
 
Food industry specifics
 
in
 gener
al
-
 
Sustainability issues ass
ociated with dairy industry
-
 
Reg
ion-specific agriculture 
issues
-
 
Risks associated with gr
ain 
trade business 
model
-
 
Peer
 c
omparison
-
 
Laws,
 
regulations,
 
international
 
agree
ments,
 
and
 
voluntary
agreements
 
of
 
strateg
ic
 
significance
 
to
 
the
 
org
ani
sation
 
and
 
its
stakeholders
-
 
Stand
ards and c
ertifications
-
 
Our
 
v
alues,
 
polici
es,
 
strategies,
 
operational
 
management
 
systems,
goals, and targets
-
 
Our ability and oppor
tunities
 
to 
contribute
 
to 
sustainable development
-
 
The
 
core
 
competencies 
of
 
the
 
organisation
 
and
 
the
 
manner,
 
in
 
which
they can contr
ibute
 
to 
sustainable development
STEP 
III
: IMPACT
 
MEASUREMENT
-
 
Qualitative
 
assessment:
 
which
 
impacts
 
are
 
of
 
critical
 
importance
 
f
or
our 
l
ong-ter
m succ
ess.
-
 
Quantitat
ive
 
assessm
ent:
 
how
 
mu
ch
 
resou
rces
 
we
 
need
 
for
 
o
ur
products
 
and
 
services,
 
as
 
well
 
as
 
r
esidual
 
outputs
 
in
 
the
 
f
orm
 
of
emissions
 
and waste
.
-
 
Over
 
the
 
course
 
of
 
sustainabil
ity
 
assessment,
 
all
 
business
 
impa
cts ar
e
divided i
nto four main categories:
Economic:
 
how
 
much
 
value
 
added
 
we
 
produce
 
in
 
the
 
form
 
of
orders, paid taxes, dividends, l
ong term investment, etc.
Social:
 
what
 
eff
ects
 
our
 
activities,
 
p
roducts,
 
services,
 
and
byproducts
 
have
 
on
 
people:
 
o
ur
 
employees,
 
neighbours,
consumers, and suppliers.
Environmental:
 
resource
 
intensity,
 
emissions,
 
w
aste,
 
effects
 
on
biodiversity, soi
l health, animal welfare, etc.
Governance
 
and
 
compliance
 
r
equir
ements
 
specific
 
to
 
our
businesses
.
STEP 
IV
: SUSTAINABILIT
Y RISKS
Our impacts 
were assessed 
in
 terms 
of
 
risks they p
ose 
to
 our sustainable 
long-term
 
development
.
STEP V: PRI
ORITISATION
To
 
make 
sure 
we
 
focus 
on
 
the 
most 
important 
issues, 
we
 
prioritised 
all 
impacts  
by
  they  critical
ity.  All  topics
  were  mapped  accord
ing  
to
  their
 
importance 
to
 
our
 
stakeholders and 
our
 
long-term
 
dev
elopment.
STEP 
VI
: VALIDAT
ION 
-
 
The 
f
inal 
list
 
of
 
topics,
 
pr
ioritised 
as 
highly 
mater
ial, 
was 
review
ed 
by
 
the Board for feedback 
and approval. 
-
 
We  i
dentify  and  repo
rt  
on
  the  indicato
rs  within  each  rel
e
vant  GRI 
Standard 
to
 ensure the completeness 
of
 
the repor
t.
-
 
We 
do
 
not 
limit 
ou
rselves 
to
 
the 
topics 
of
 
r
ele
vant 
GRI 
standards 
and 
disclose 
informat
ion 
on
 all top
ics 
of
 c
ritical importance
.
-
 
The report
 
is
 
subsequently reviewed 
and approved 
by
 the Boar
d.
-
 
We 
 
are 
 
committed
 
 
to
 
 
reviewing 
 
impacts, 
 
risks, 
 
and
 
 
opportunities 
annually.
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
M
 
A
 
T
 
E
 
R
 
I
 
A
 
L
 
I
 
T
 
Y
GRI: 2-
13, 2-24, 3-1
, 3-
2,
84

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
B
 
O
 
U
 
T
 
 
 
U
 
S
 
:
 
 
 
4
 
 
 
H
 
E
 
A
 
R
 
T
 
S
reasonable 
 
and 
 
practic
able 
 
measures 
 
to
 
 
prevent 
 
or
 
minimize 
 
the 
 
harm
 
(clima
te 
 
change,
 
 
wa
ter 
 
pollution 
 
and
 
ocea
n acidific
ation
, 
and loss 
of
 biodi
versity,
 
etc)
great pla
ce to work
, 
great neigh
bou
r 
for local communi
ties, 
value
d 
partner 
to 
our sup
plie
rs, 
buyers and socie
ty
busi
ness
’s 
social
 
respons
ibility 
is 
to ma
ximi
ze 
value
 over 
the long-
term
ensu
ring 
strong governan
ce 
t
hroug
h 
well cove
red 
pol
icie
s, 
func
tiona
l 
w
his
tle blower system
, high t
rans
pare
ncy
GRI: 2-2
2, 
2-24
, 3-3
85

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
4
 
 
 
H
 
E
 
A
 
R
 
T
 
S
 
:
 
 
 
H
 
O
 
W
 
 
 
I
 
T
 
 
 
W
 
O
 
R
 
K
 
S
OUR ACTIONS
SUPERVISION AND
 ADVICE
OWNER
SHIP
ACTION A
ND CO
MMUNI
CATION
-
 
In 
2
022, The Group clarif
ied and formalized its sustainability agenda, ma
rking a
pivotal step 
in 
its commitment
 
to 
sustainable practices.
-
 
O
versight
 
for
 
sustainability
 
reporting
 
a
nd
 
the
 
formulation
 
of
 
related
 
stra
tegies
has
 
been
 
entrusted
 
to
 
the
 
Group’s
 
CFO,
 
who
 
a
lso
 
holds
 
a
 
position
 
on
 
the
Board.
-
 
A
ll
 
strategic-level
 
sust
ainability
 
in
itiatives
 
and
 
associa
ted
 
KPIs
 
for
 
the
 
Group
are 
not only 
approved 
but 
also perio
dically reviewed 
by 
the 
Board.
-
 
A
dvise and t
raining services are provided 
by 
the 
third party consult
ancy
-
 
Sustainability
 
due
 
diligence,
 
impact
 
evaluation
 
and
 
report
ing
 
is
 
a
 
joint
 
effort
with 
our 
consultant.
-
 
A
ll data
 
relevant 
to
 
sustainabi
lity reporting a
nd decision
 
mak
ing 
is
 
sourced
 
and
analysed 
on 
segment l
evel
-
 
O
ur
 
data
 
owners
 
are
 
responsible
 
fo
r
 
timely
 
and
 
accura
te
 
data
 
collecti
on
 
and
presentatio
n
-
 
Da
ta owne
rs initiate cha
nge 
withi
n 
data syste
ms 
if
 
needed
-
 
KPI 
 
owners 
 
initiate
 
Group 
 
KPI 
 
division 
 
and 
 
allocation 
 
among 
 
Group 
companies/se
gments
-
 
R
eport each 
6 months 
on
 
the
 progress
-
 
P
roactively suggest
 
if
 KPI shall 
be
 updated
-
 
Driv
e 
the
 change 
in
 the re
presente
d company/segment 
to
 achieve 
the
 go
als
-
 
A
mbassadors’
 
 
club 
 
shall 
 
br
ing 
 
togeth
er 
 
Group 
 
employees 
 
w
ith 
 
strongest 
sustainabilit
y 
values
-
 
O
ur 
 
v
oices 
 
of
 
 
sustainability 
 
commun
icate 
 
internally 
 
and 
 
externally 
 
on
 
coordin
ated actions among 
Group comp
anies
-
 
Communication  includes  key  data  findings,  education
,  progress  
of
 
the
  KPI, 
initi
atives 
of
 
the
 ambassadors club
-
 
Board members
-
 
F
ar 
 
reaching 
 
hands 
collecting 
 
a
ll 
 
possible 
 
data 
on
 
our
 impacts 
-
 
Third pa
rty 
advisory
-
 
c
ommun
icate 
 
on
 
 
coordinate
d
 
Group
companies
‘
 
sustainability actions
-
 
KPI performance analysis
-
 
Initiating ca
lculated change
•
 
Encourage employ
ees 
to 
feel a s
ense 
of 
ownership and responsi
bility
towar
ds
 
sustainability efforts
•
 
Prom
ote
 
the
 
sharing
 
of
 
sustainability con
cepts
 
and
 
strategies acr
oss
various departm
ents
 
or 
s
egments
•
 
Motivate
 
and
 
inspire
 
more
 
team
 
members
 
to
 
fully
 
co
mmit
 
to
sustainabili
ty pr
actices.
FOUR HEARTS CLUB
The
 
club
 
aims
 
to
 
be
 
a
 
community f
or
 
sustainability
 
ambassadors,
 
ensuring
they're
 
part
 
of
 
a
 
broader
 
movement
 
and
 
not
 
working
 
in
 
isolation.
Onboarding process 
is 
currently 
in
 
th
e process, members shall
 
be 
selected
biannually
 
and
 
the
 
club
 
to
 
comprise
 
15
-
20
 
members,
 
ensuring
 
a
consistent
 
inflow
 
of
 
inn
ovative
 
i
deas
 
and
 
r
enewed
 
vigor.
 
While
participation
 
is
 
volunt
ary, the cl
ub will have a dedicated
 
annual budget.
GRI: 2-
13, 2-24, 2-2
5, 2-2
6, 3-3
, 403-6
 
WHAT 
WE 
A
RE AIMING FOR
Transpa
rency:
 
Non-f
inancial
 
repor
ting
 
to 
improve impact dis
closure.
Guidance
 
&
 
Con
cerns:
 
Mechanism
 
f
or
 
seeking
 
advice
 
and
 
add
ressing
aggrav
ation.
Relevance
 
&
 
Evolution:
 
An
 
iter
ative
 
review
 
process
 
to
 
keep
 
the
 
Group’s
sustainabili
ty ef
forts 
up
-
to
-date, effective,
 
an
d 
in
 
line with
 
global standards
and the Company's goals.
Team
 
building
 
&
 
Dialogue:
 
Cultivating
 
t
eam
 
unity
 
and
 
encouraging
discussi
ons that shape the sustainability
 
cultur
e.
Employee engagement
:
•
 
Involve employees
 
in 
sustainability discuss
ions and actions
•
 
L
aunch sustainable initiati
ves at t
he l
ocal level
•
 
Inform and
 
educate
 
colleag
ues
 
about
 
true
 
sustainabil
ity compar
ed 
to
mere greenwashing
-
 
Colleagues 
 
wh
o 
 
are 
willing 
 
and 
 
able 
 
to
 
convert 
 
id
eas 
 
into 
initiatives 
 
and 
 
driv
e
 
actions
Projects
 
that
 
r
esonate
 
w
ith
 
the
 
Group's
 
vision
—
target
ing
 
local
communities,
 
employee
 
involvement,
 
and
 
environmental
 
concerns
 
such
 
as
energy,
 
w
ater,
 
w
aste,
 
and
 
greenhouse
 
gases
—
shall
 
be
 
prioritized
 
for
funding
.
FIRST STEPS
We
 
kicked-off
 
FOUR
 
HEARTS
 
with
 
a
 
Group
 
w
ide
 
W
15
 
program,
 
in
 
which
steps
 
tran
slat
e
 
into
 
votes,
 
determini
ng
 
which
 
charitable
 
causes
 
re
ceiv
e
funding.
 
Th
is
 
project
 
was
 
not
 
only
 
designed
 
to
 
bring
 
employees
 
t
ogether
but
 
also
 
to
 
encour
age
 
a
 
healthier
 
lifestyle
 
and
 
s
imultaneously
 
allows
employe
es
 
to
 
have
 
a say
 
in
 
fun
ding
 
decisions. The
 
project
 
aligns
 
with
 
The
Group's approach 
of 
engaging employ
ees 
in 
important decisi
ons.
WHO IS IN C
HARGE
86

C
OM
MITMENT
M
EA
SURE
U
NI
T
**TRIR 
-
B
AS
E 
Y
EA
R 
20
21/22
20
22/23
GO
AL 
BY
 2026/2027
Occupational health and safety
TRIR
*
 
x
 
0.78
 
0.85
< 0.62 (20
% 
reduction)
Employee turnover
Employee turnover ratio 
(full time 
employees)
%
 
55.3 / 35
**
 
26
Not more than 35%
Employee retention
Employee retention 
ratio (employees 
w
ith 
Group >1Y)
%
 
90.8
 
86
Higher than 85%
Economic incl
usion: be fair and helpful 
partner 
for 
local partner
s
Number of legal actions
, claims, scandals
0
 
1
0
Build stronger 
communities
Engagement
 
level (s
ubjective criteria)
n/a
Engage with local communities, 
provide 
assis
tance
 
et
c
Healthier food: Antibiotics
 
usage
Farms / cows: active antibiotic substance 
per li
veweight
 
of cows
mg per 1 kg PC
U***
 
29
 
23
Decrease 
cows antibiotic usage by 25% compared 
to base 
year
Poultry: antibiotics 
free production 
share in 
LV
and 
LT
%
 
100 
and 
65
 
100 
and 
75
WHAT 
WE 
ARE AIMING FOR
A
 
safe
 
wor
k
 
environment 
not
 
only
 
pr
otects
 
employees
 
f
rom
 
har
m
 
but
 
also
boosts
 
morale,
 
productivity,
 
and
 
trust.
 
A
 
lower
 
TRIR
 
demonstrates
 
t
he
Company's
 
r
esponsibili
ty
 
and
 
dedication
 
tow
ards
 
its
 
w
orkforce,
 
leading
 
to
enhanced Company reputation
 
and employee sati
sfaction.
Fostering a work environment 
where 
employees 
feel valued 
and want to 
continue their assoc
iation with the Company. A reduced 
turnov
er 
rate 
implies reduced 
recruitment and training 
costs. Furthermor
e, 
it showcases 
the Company as a desirable pl
ace to work, which helps i
n attracting top 
talent and retaining institutional 
kn
owledge.
Retaining expe
rienced employ
ees ensures that the
 
C
ompany
 
preserves its
knowledge
 
base,
 
fosters
 
a
 
sense
 
of
 
community,
 
and
 
reduces
 
costs
associated with
 
hiring and
 
tr
aini
ng
 
new
 
emp
l
oyees. A
 
h
igher retention rate
indicates a positive work culture and effective management practices.
Building
 
trustworthy
 
and
 
equ
itable
 
relationshi
ps
 
with
 
local
 
part
ners,
operating
 
t
ransparently
 
and
 
eth
ically.
 
Being
 
a
 
f
air
 
par
tner
 
fosters
 
trust,
ensures
 
sustainable
 
part
nershi
ps,
 
an
d
 
enhances
 
the
 
C
ompany's
reputation.
 
By
 
minimizing
 
legal
 
actions,
 
claims,
 
or
 
scandals,
 
t
he
 
Company
showcases its dedication 
to
 
ethical op
erations, wh
ich can l
ead 
to 
improved
stakeholder
 
re
lationships
 
and trust 
in 
t
he community.
Engaging
 
actively
 
with
 
local
 
communities
,
 
offering
 
suppo
rt,
 
and
collaborating
 
on
 
initiatives
 
that
 
benefit
 
all.
 
Active
 
community
 
engagement
demonstrates
 
corporate
 
r
es
ponsi
bility
 
and
 
can
 
foster
 
go
odw
ill.
 
It
 
leads
 
to
mutual
 
gr
owth, str
engthens
 
the
 
C
ompany's t
ies w
ith
 
its
 
op
erating
 
regions,
and can eve
n 
open
 
up 
avenues
 
for 
new 
collaborations
 
and oppor
tunities.
Promoting
 
healthier
 
livestock
 
practices
 
by
 
r
educing
 
the
 
reliance
 
on
antibiotics,
 
ensuring
 
the
 
pr
oduce 
is
 
saf
er
 
for
 
consumptio
n.
 
As
 
consumers
become more
 
health-conscio
us and
 
aw
are
 
of
 
their
 
food
 
sources, r
educing
antibiotic use 
in 
livestock positions 
the
 
Company as a leader 
in
 
sustainable
and
 
he
althy
 
food
 
pr
oductio
n.
 
This
 
can
 
lead
 
to
 
increased
 
tr
ust
 
from
consumers,
 
po
tential
 
market
 
growth,
 
and
 
alignment
 
with
 
global
 
h
ealth
recommendat
ions.
PROGRE
SS
There's a mar
ked improvement 
in
 
the employee turnover ratio, p
lummeting
from
 
a
 
combined
 
r
ate
 
of
 
55
.
3/
35
%
 
in
 
2021
/
2022
 
to
 
a
 
c
ommenda
ble
26
%
 
in
 
2022/
2023
,
 
despite
 
internal
 
tr
ansfers.
 
This
 
is
 
well
 
within
 
the
target 
to 
keep the turnov
er
 
under
 
35
%
 
by 
2026
/
2027
.
Unfortunately,
 
we
 
failed
 
to
 
ensure
 
fat
ality
 
f
ree
 
workplace.
 
The
 
incident
 
is
described
 
further
 
in
 
this
 
report
 
in
 
the
 
section
 
GOOD HEALTH
 
AND
WELL-BEING.
Compared 
to 
the
 
previous period, over
 
2022
/
23
 
t
he number
 
of
 
registered
incidents grew 
by 
7 
to 
reach
 
39
.
CEO 
of 
Linas Agro Gro
up AB, 
Mažvyds Šileika 
commen
ts that "The
 
Grou
p
maintains
 
a
 
zero-tolerance
 
policy
 
for
 
w
orkplace
 
incide
nts
 
and
 
places
 
the
utmost
 
priority
 
on
 
occupat
io
nal
 
h
ealth
 
an
d
 
safe
ty.
 
Ho
wever,
 
our
 
current
KPIs
 
indicate
 
that
 
there's
 
a
 
nee
d
 
for
 
greater
 
effort
 
in
 
this
 
area.
 
We
 
must
improve,
 
set
 
even
 
higher
 
standards,
 
and
 
ensu
re
 
consistent
 
con
trol.
 
Given
the
 
size
 
of
 
our
 
production
 
faciliti
es
 
and
 
the
 
significant
 
number
 
of
 
peopl
e
employed, it's crucial
 
t
hat 
we 
meet
 
the
 
expectations 
of
 
our 
employees and
stakeholders.
”
In
 
the
 
section
 
SUSTAINAB
LE
 
CITIES
 
AND
 
CO
MMUNITIES
we 
di
sclose complai
nts and disputes
regar
ding
 
sanitary prot
ection
 
zone 
in 
Rudamina.
ANTIBIOTI
CS
Over FY 2022/2
3 
substantial 
deductions 
in animal antibiotic c
onsumption 
was achieved; Farming companies 
ar
e continuously 
impr
oving animal
 
welfare,
 
f
eeding conditions
 and 
are deter
mined 
to
 explore 
alternative 
ways 
to ensure strong health of 
the animals.
Poultry LT companies 
ar
e in parall
el showing 
further progress, 
while 
LV
 
companies 
stay pr
oud 
with their 1
00% achievement.
GRI: 2-
22, 2-23, 2-2
4, 2-2
5, 2-2
9, 3-
3,
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNE
XES
SOCIAL COM
MITMENTS
*TRIR 
–
Total recordable
 
incident r
ate (TRIR)
 
=t
otal recordable incid
ents *
 200 000 /
 
tot
al manhours worked
** 
- inc
luding and excluding
 
Kaišiadorių Paukštynas AB
*** 
- PCU (populat
ion correction 
unit 
or 
standar
dised ave
rage weight 
of animals as per 
The Veterinar
y Medicines Directo
rate)
87

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNE
XES
ENVIRONMENTAL 
COMM
ITMENTS
CO
M
MITMENT
ME
A
SURE
U
NIT
BA
S
E 
Y
EA
R
RE
SU
LT 
20
22/23
GOA
L 
B
Y
 
202
6/2027
ENERGY 
EFFI
CIENCY
Improving energy 
efficiency
Energy efficiency 
as one of investment 
approval 
criteria
Prioritised 
investments 
improving 
ener
gy 
efficiency
Regular energy 
efficiency audits for energy 
intensive c
ompanies
Regularity of energy efficiency audits
At least once per every 4 years
Reduce energy consumption 
per
 
ton of 
TOTAL output*
Perfor
m 
en
ergy c
onsumption feasibil
ity study during F
Y 
2022
/2023
, 
followed 
by approv
ed 
quan
titative goal 
towar
ds 
energy c
onsumption reduction 
by 
FY202
6/202
7
Feasibil
ity studies performed, 
energy 
consumption target per 
ton of total output
 
established 
and achieved. 
KPI to be revised with following 
Sustainability 
report
.
Energy consumption per 
ton of total output*
MWH/t
 
0.6
 
0.635
PACKAGING
Increase share of renewable 
p
ackaging
Renewable 
packaging % of tot
al packaging
%
 
45.7%
 
50.1%
50%
GHG EMISSION
S
Develop low carbon agriculture
N fer
tilizers 
application
kg of
 
N
2
Oper Ha 
(kg CO
2
eq)
4.26 N
2
O
(126
9 
CO
2
)
4.19 N
2
O
(124
0 
CO
2
)
3
-5% red
uction 
compar
ed to base 
year
Reduce GH
G intensity in milk 
C0
2
eq kg per ton of ECM milk
kgCO
2
eq/t
378
 
334
5% reduction c
ompared to base year
Improve energy mix
Share of renew
able 
energy (Scope 1)
%
 
1.2
 
2.4
at least 25%
AD
JU
STMENT:
to 
be delivered 
w
ith the results 
of FY 2027
/202
8.
WATER
Maintain water use intensity
Water use intensity per 
ton of total output
*
m3/t
 
2.6
 
3.119
AD
JUSTM
ENT 
(
restating KPI 
from 2.6 m
3
/t to 
3.2 m3/t due to recalculated base year total 
production 
output*)
WASTE
Reduce waste directed 
to disposal
Waste directed to dis
posal per ton of total output*
kg/t
 
4.7
 
5.521
5% reduction c
ompared to base year
PRODUCTS AND 
SERVICES FOR 
FARMING
Climate positive agricultural 
innovations
Knowledge
 
sharing (subjective criteria)
no data
Prioritised Cli
mate positive 
agricultural 
innovations
More environment posi
tive equi
pment, 
fetilizers
and plant care products
Knowledge
 
sharing (subjective criteria)
no data
Promoted
 
env
ironment 
positive 
equipment, 
fe
rtilizers
 
and plant care products
SHIFTING FOCUS
Existing
 
investment
 
approval
 
process
 
was
 
revised,
 
intr
oducing
 
new
investment
 
e
ligibili
ty
 
criter
ia.
 
Star
ting
 
fr
om
 
the
 
mid-year
 
of
 
the
 
prev
io
us
financial period,
 
the
 
evaluation 
of
 
product
 
viability an
d the
 
conduct 
of
 
pay-
back
 
analyses
 
w
ere
 
supplemented
 
with
 
assessments
 
of
 
p
otential
environmental,
 
soci
al,
 
and
 
gove
rnance
 
impacts
 
should
 
the
 
inve
stment
 
be
approved
 
and
 
implement
ed.
 
Energy
 
eff
iciency
 
criteria
 
bec
ame
 
a
 
f
ocal
point.
The
 
most r
ecent
 
energy eff
iciency audits conducted for
 
"energy intensive"
companies, na
mely 
AB 
Kauno 
g
rūdai 
and
 
UAB
 
Šlaituva
 
in
 
February 
2023
,
as
 
well
 
as
 
f
or
 
poul
try
 
companies
 
in
 
Lithuania
 
in
 
Februar
y
 
2022
 
and
September
 
2021
,
 
and
 
in
 
Latvia
 
in
 
August
 
and
 
September
 
2023
,
 
y
ielded
no
 
critical
 
or
 
m
ajor
 
findings.
 
Subseq
uent
 
audits
 
are
 
s
cheduled
 
f
or
November
 
2026
.
EVALUATING P
OTENTIAL
Feasibil
ity
 
studies
 
focused
 
on
 
e
nergy consump
ti
on
 
efficiencies
 
hav
e
 
been
prepared
 
for
 
our
 
key
 
pro
duction
 
compani
es.
 
These
 
studies
 
encompasse
d
evaluations
 
at
 
Kauno
 
Grūdai
 
AB
 
in
 
February
 
2023
,
 
Šlaituva
 
UAB
 
in
January
 
2023
,
 
and
 
poultry
 
pr
oduction
 
firm
s
 
operating
 
in
 
both
 
Lithuania
and Latvia
 
as
 
of
 
February 
2023
.
 
The
 
f
i
ndings highlighted multiple avenues
for potential energy efficiency enhancements.
These
 
include
 
the
 
incor
porati
on
 
of
 
econom
i
zers
 
f
or
 
thermal
 
wat
er
 
heating
in
 
instant
 
foods
 
w
hich impacts
 
gas
 
consumpt
io
n,
 
t
he intr
oduc
tion 
of
 
state-
of
-the-art
 
electric
 
mo
tors
 
beneficial
 
for
 
flour
 
and
 
compound
 
feed
 
in
relation
 
to
 
electr
icity,
 
and
 
the
 
repurposing
 
of
 
hot
 
air
 
from
 
b
aking
 
t
unnels
for
 
water
 
heat
ing
 
in
 
breadcrumb
 
production
 
which
 
again
 
affects
 
g
as
usage.
Furthermo
re, 
initiatives in sync with ISO 50001
 standard
s have 
been 
pinpointed. 
These involve 
upgrade
s 
to refriger
ation
equipment,
 
integration
 
of
 
economi
zers
 
and
 
hot
 
water
 
re
covery
 
systems,
the
 
addition
 
of
 
new
 
heating
 
boilers,
 
and
 
significant
 
r
efurbi
shments
 
to
building
 
structures,
 
par
ticula
rly
 
in
 
the
 
poultr
y
 
sector,
 
impacting
 
both
 
gas
and electricity consumption.
Currently,
 
our
 
Grou
p's
 
companies
 
are
 
delving
 
into
 
th
e
 
t
echnical
 
feasibility
of
 
these
 
recommendations
 
while
 
simultaneously
 
conducting
 
payback
analyses.
 
This
 
aids
 
in
 
making
 
informed
 
d
ecisions
 
about
 
potential
investments
 
linked
 
to
 
these
 
insights.
 
It's
 
per
tinent
 
to
 
note
 
that
 
such
investments lined 
up
 
for ongo
ing 
FY 
2023
/
2024
 
investment plan.
GRI: 2-
22, 2-23, 2-2
4, 2-2
5, 3-3
, 302-4
, 
30
2-5, 30
5-1
, 
305
-5
* 
Ton 
of 
total out
put
: 
produced produc
ts poultry meat
, 
flour
, 
flour mixes
, 
compound feed
, 
pet food
 
(
packa
ble
88

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
ENVIRO
NMENTAL 
COMM
ITMENTS
Within
 
the
 
G
roup,
 
some
 
pro
duct
 
lines
 
com
e
 
with
 
s
pecific
 
prod
uct
safety
 
a
nd
 
packaging
 
demands.
 
AB
 
Kauno
 
grūdai
,
 
U
AB
 
Šlaitu
va
,
and
 
p
oultry
 
s
egm
ent
 
stan
d
 
o
ut
 
as
 
p
rincipal
 
cont
ributors
 
to
 
th
e
Group's
 
tot
al
 
packaging
 
volum
es.
 
These
 
s
ectors
 
ar
e
 
dedicated
 
to
reducing
 
the
 
use
 
of
 
non-re
newable
 
pa
ckaging
 
ma
terials
 
and
simultaneo
usly
 
enhancing
 
the
 
r
ecyclabi
lity
 
of
 
t
hese
 
materials
after use.
LOW CARBON AGRICULTURE
For
 
several
 
years
 
now,
 
the
 
Group's
 
companies
 
have
 
been
 
taking
measures
 
to
 
opt
imize
 
t
he
 
use
 
of
 
fertiliz
ers
 
and
 
are
 
resolut
e
 
in
furthe
ring
 
the
se
 
practices 
in
 
upcomin
g
 
years.
Among
 
t
he
 
proactiv
e
 
steps
 
tak
en
 
ar
e
 
s
oil
 
tests
 
fo
r
 
a
nalytical
examination,
 
pr
acticing
 
crop
 
rot
ation,
 
cultivating
 
i
ntercro
ps,
 
and
planting
 
u
nderso
wings.
 
The
 
g
oal
 
with
 
thes
e
 
pr
actices
 
is
 
either
 
to
boost
 
nitrog
en
 
fixation
 
(
as
 
s
een
 
w
ith
 
pu
lses)
 
or
 
to
 
use
 
ce
rtain
plants
 
as
 
barriers
 
against
 
nitrogen
 
l
eaching
 
fr
om
 
th
e
 
soil.
 
It's
essential
 
to
 
no
te
 
t
hat
 
excess
ive
 
use
 
of
 
n
itrogen
 
fert
ilizers
contributes
 
to
 
th
e
 
r
ele
ase
 
of
 
N
2
O
 
gases,
 
which
 
are
 
f
ar
 
m
ore
potent
 
in
 
c
ausing
 
wa
rming
 
effects
 
than
 
CO
2
and
 
re
main
 
in
 
t
he
atmosph
ere
 
lo
nge
r.
50.1% OF TOTAL 
PACK
AGING 
WAS
 
RENEWABLE
IN 2022/23
4.
19
N
2
O kg/h
a
IN 2022
/
23
In
 
a
 
bid
 
to
 
g
ain
 
compre
hensive
 
i
nsights
 
i
nto
 
s
oil
 
quality
 
and
 
its
compone
nts,
 
one
 
of
 
our
 
farming
 
compani
es
 
embarked
 
on
 
a
 
CO
2
credits
 
certification
 
pr
ogram
 
in
 
spr
ing
 
2
023.
 
We
 
have
 
allocat
ed
roughly
 
2
000
 
hectares
 
of
 
arable
 
land
 
for
 
rigor
ous
 
scientific
testing a
nd
 
s
equestration
 
monitori
ng,
 
p
aving th
e way
 
for p
otential
CO
2
credit
 
iss
uan
ce
 
based
 
on
 
tang
ible
 
improvement
s.
ENE
RGY
 
MIX 
IMPROVEM
ENTS
The
 
Gr
ou
p's
 
leaders
hip
 
ide
ntifies
 
the
 
25
%
 
r
enewa
ble
 
energy
(scope1)
 
targ
et
 
as
 
the
 
m
ost
 
ch
allenging
 
commitm
ent,
deman
ding
 
significant
 
involvem
ent
 
and
 
i
nvestment.
 
As
 
disclosed
further
 
in
 
this
 
r
eport,
 
poultry
 
oper
ations
 
are
 
th
e
 
m
ost
 
ener
gy-
intensive
 
wit
hin
 
t
he
 
Group.
 
Scop
e
 
1
 
e
nergy
 
consum
ption
 
in
 
this
sector
 
accounts
 
fo
r
 
approxim
ately
 
70
%
 
of
 
the
 
Grou
p's
 
total
Scope 1 energ
y
 
usag
e.
This
 
high
 
co
nsumpti
on
 
stems
 
fr
om
 
vari
ous
 
facto
rs:
 
th
e
 
en
ergy-
intensive
 
b
ird
 
r
earing
 
pr
ocesses,
 
s
ubstantial
 
en
ergy
 
requir
ements
during
 
slaught
ering
 
a
nd
 
producti
on,
 
and
 
t
he
 
significant
 
ener
gy
draw
 
from
 
freezing
 
ready-
to
-sel
l
 
products
.
 
Other
 
maj
or
contributors
 
include
 
gr
ain-based
 
f
oo
d
 
and
 
feed
 
prod
uction,
 
as
well
 
as
 
ene
rgy
 
consumptio
n
 
in 
farming
 
ente
rprises.
In
 
2022/
23
,
 
we
 
to
ok
 
i
nitial
 
st
eps
 
towards
 
r
enewa
ble
 
energy
productio
n.
 
This
 
i
nclude
d
 
the
 
installation
 
of
 
sm
all-
scale
 
solar
panels
 
a
nd
 
use
 
of
 
st
raw
 
residuals
 
for
 
energy
 
r
ec
overy.
 
Our
farming
 
entiti
es
 
are
 
activ
ely
 
target
ing
 
a
 
5%
 
r
eduction
 
in
 
diesel
consumption
 
by
 
consistently
 
adopting
 
no
-till
 
f
arming
 
practices.
However,
 
these
 
c
ollective
 
efforts
 
have
 
so
 
far
 
m
ade
 
only
 
a
modera
te
 
impa
ct
 
towards
 
achie
ving
 
our
 
25
% KPI targ
et.
A
 
pivotal
 
mov
e
 
anticipated
 
to
 
m
ake
 
a
 
signific
ant
 
differ
ence
 
is
 
the
planned
 
installation
 
of
 
biome
thane
 
plants.
 
This
 
will
 
effectively
replace
 
a
 
large
 
portion
 
of
 
our
 
na
tural
 
gas
 
consumption
 
with
biogas.
 
H
oweve
r,
 
due
 
to
 
the
 
exte
nsive
 
planning
 
a
nd
 
setup
 
phase,
these
 
installations
 
w
on't
 
be
 
op
eration
al
 
befo
re
 
2027
/
28
.
Therefo
re
 
gro
up
 
aims
 
to
 
r
evise
 
the
 
'R
enewabl
e
 
energy
 
share
 
in
Scope
 
1
 
type
 
of
 
ener
gy'
 
KPI,
 
expecting
 
to
 
deliver
 
25
%
 
ratio
 
with
the
 
results
 
of
 
FY
 
2027
/
2028
.
WASTE MANAGE
MEN
T
We
 
are
 
actively
 
searching
 
f
or
 
ways
 
to
 
decre
ase
 
t
he
 
amou
nt
 
of
waste directed
 
to
 
disposal.
PROMOTIN
G
 
CLIMATE
 
POSITIVE I
NNOVATION
S
Historically,
 
Linas
 
Agro
 
AB,
 
has
 
bee
n
 
prom
oting
 
mo
re
 
e
ffective
farming
 
solutio
ns.
 
In
 
2022
/
23
 
we
 
focused
 
on
 
sustainabl
e
farming.
 
Our
 
ex
perts
 
emphasize
 
the
 
s
ignificance
 
of
 
u
sin
g
advanced
 
agro
-technologi
es
 
an
d
 
reducing
 
th
e
 
use
 
of
 
pesticides.
They
 
also
 
discuss
 
the
 
im
portance
 
of
 
ad
hering
 
to
 
EU
 
guidelines
and
 
the
 
pote
ntial
 
of
 
or
ganic
 
c
ompounds
 
like
 
c
oal
 
for
 
healthie
r
soil.
Our
 
team
 
has
 
hoste
d
 
spri
ng
 
sem
inars
 
f
ocusing
 
on
 
sustainabl
e
agriculture,
 
s
haring
 
insights
 
on
 
glo
bal
 
tre
nds,
 
and
 
introducing
efficient
 
organic
 
farm
ing
 
m
ethods.
 
In
 
collab
orations,
 
they
 
ha
ve
del
ved
 
into s
ubj
ects
 
like
 
pl
ant protectio
n
 
an
d
 
certi
fied
 
seed
s.
In
 
additi
on
 
Linas
 
Agro
 
was
 
re
cogniz
ed
 
at
 
the
 
"Socia
l'I
NGAS
2023
"
 
awards
 
for 
our
 
con
tribu
tion
 
to 
socially responsib
le
 
causes,
MORE ENVIRON
MENT
 
P
OSITIVE
 
EQUIPME
NT
For more
 
t
han 
20 
y
ears 
we
 
f
ocus 
on 
equipme
nt which
 
can deliver
measurable
 
and
 
consistent
 
r
esults
 
in
 
t
he
 
most
 
efficient
 
way.
 
For
example,
 
this
 
year
 
we
 
s
old
 
as
 
ma
ny
 
as
 
21
 
Agr
ifac
 
self-p
ropelled
sprayers,
 
which
 
help
 
to
 
reduce
 
the
 
amount
 
of
 
water
 
(-
25
%
)
 
and
the
 
use
 
of
 
plant
 
protecti
on
 
products
 
(-
25
%).
 
Th
e
 
a
dvanced
 
HTA
technology
 
is
 
utilized
 
to
 
regulate
 
the
 
f
orm
 
of
 
spraye
d
 
liquid
 
wit
h
the
 
assista
nce
 
of
 
airflow.
 
This
 
e
nsures
 
optimal
 
covera
ge
 
on
plants
 
while
 
m
inimizing
 
drift
 
c
aused
 
by
 
wind.
 
Additionally,
 
the
GPS
 
system
 
ai
ds
 
in
 
accura
te
 
spraying
,
 
reducing
 
o
verlaps
 
by
turning
 
the
 
spraying
 
sections
 
on
 
a
nd
 
off
 
precisely.
 
By
 
leveraging
fertilization
 
maps
 
and
 
variable
 
rates,
 
fertiliz
ers
 
ar
e
 
applied
 
in
direct
 
corr
elation
 
w
ith
 
a
 
plant's
 
d
evelopm
ent
 
sta
ge,
 
m
inimizing
potential
 
ferti
lizer
 
l
eaching.
 
These
 
s
prayers,
 
with
 
a
 
t
otal
 
wi
dth
 
of
672
 
m
eters,
 
cover
 
up
 
to
 
210
,00
0
 
h
ectares
 
annually
,
 
playing
 
a
crucial role 
in
 
uph
old
ing
 
sustai
nab
ili
ty
 
standa
rds.
Experts
 
from
 
o
ur
 
G
roup
 
were
 
also
 
visible
 
in
 
natio
nal
 
me
dia
represent
ing
 
a
 
voice
 
of
 
in
novation
 
and
 
bett
er
 
agricul
tura
l
practices.
LINAS AGRO PODCATS
Our
 
s
takeholders
 
are
 
a
lways
 
welcom
e
 
to
 
tune
 
in
 
to
 
our
 
podcasts
on
 
YouT
ube
 
where
 
we
 
discuss
 
la
test
 
develo
pments
 
in
 
agro
innovations
 
and
 
s
hare
 
ti
ps
 
an
d
 
tricks
 
to
 
m
ake
 
f
armin
g
 
mor
e
sustaina
ble
.
GRI: 2-
22, 2-23, 2-2
4, 2-2
5, 3-3
, 203-1
, 
30
2-3, 30
5-1
, 
305
-5
89

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AND COMPLIANCE
CO
M
MITMENT
ME
A
SURE
U
NI
T
BA
SE
 
Y
E
AR 
2
02
1/22
2
0
22/23
 
GO
AL 
BY
 
20
2
6/27
EC
ON
OMIC
Operational efficiency
Operating profit margin
%
 
5.47
 
2.06
 
>/=3%
Optimal return on 
capital
Return on c
apital 
employed 
(ROCE)
%
 
18.97
 
6.98
 
>/=12%
Sustainable debt 
level
RMI adjusted Net 
financial debt / EBITDA
x
 
1
.90
 
4.22
 
</= 4.0
Target level of EBITDA
EBITDA
kEUR
 
132.1
73
 
6
7.318
 
>/= 70,000
 - 90,000
Creating shareholder 
value
Dividends pai
d within 
FY to net prof
it 
of the 
previous FY
%
 
0.00
 
6.47
 
>/= 20 %
L/T strateg
ic diversification 
in 
activities (optimal revenue 
split 
between
 
segment
s)
Grain, Oils
eed, and 
Feed:
%
 
62
 
61
 
45%
Products and 
Services 
for Farming:
%
 
20
 
21
 
20%
Agricultural Production:
%
 
2
 
3
 
<2% 
Food Products:
%
 
18
 
21
 
30%
Oher Activities: 
%
 
2
 
1
 
<2%
G
OV
ERN
ANCE
No tolerance to breaches
number 
of breaches
0
 
1
 
0
Revision 
and establishment 
of 
new polici
es
revised poli
cies:  
environment
al, 
Partner
 
Code of Ethics
-
initiated
yes
new poli
cies:
 Soil 
health, Quali
ty policy, 
Food safety polic
y, 
Procureme
nt 
p
olicy
, 
Sponsorship 
policy, 
Good governance 
policy
-
 
yes
Whistle bl
ower sy
stem 
(internal & external)
Establis
hed and 
functional whistle 
blower sys
tem
no
 
initiated
 
yes
Transparen
cy
Consistency in 
report
ing, 
annual 
publishing
yes
 
yes
 
y
es
Chief
 
financial
 
off
icer
 
of
 
L
inas
 
Agro
 
Gr
oup
 
AB,
Mažvydas
 
Šileika
 
says
 
that
 
"Group
 
is
 
on
 
a
 
good
 
track
 
to
achieve
 
its
 
strateg
y
 
and
 
the
 
decis
ions
 
mad
e
 
d
uring
 
the
financial
 
year
 
w
ill
 
be
 
implemented
 
during
 
2023
/
24
.
However,
 
the
 
volatility
 
in
 
the
 
mar
ket
 
pe
rsist
 
due
 
to
geopolitics
,
 
supply
 
chain
 
fr
agility
 
and
 
global
supply/deman
d
 
imbala
nces.
 
Financial
 
year
 
2022
/
23
comes
 
after
 
v
ery
 
successful
 
2021
/
22
 
wh
ere
 
some
adjustments
 
were
 
expected
 
due
 
to
 
global
 
commo
dity
price
 
no
rmali
zation.
 
Group
 
is
 
fully
 
committed
 
to
operational
 
efficiency
 
and
 
long
 
term
 
returns
 
for
investors".
„
Within 
 
FY
 
 
2022
/
2023
 
 
we
 
 
hav
e 
 
initiated 
 
an
d 
 
str
ongly 
progressed 
on
 
prep
a
ration 
and
 
establishment 
of
 
market 
abuse, 
 
sanction 
 
compliance, 
 
w
histlebl
ower, 
 
equal 
 
right
s 
and 
 
re
lated 
 
part
y 
 
t
ransaction  
po
l
icies 
 
and  procedures. 
The 
 
implem
entation  stage 
 
of
 
 
aforementioned  policies
 
will 
be
 
finished 
by
 
end
 
of
 
2023
 
and 
Group 
is
 
aiming 
to
 
have 
procedures 
in
 
place 
up
 
to
 
the 
latest 
standard 
and 
regulation. 
The 
f
ocus 
scope 
of
 
pol
icies 
will 
be
 
extended 
with 
coming 
years. 
We 
believe, 
that
 
after 
the 
completion
 
of
 
 
the 
 
implem
entation 
 
period 
 
(KPI 
 
year), 
 
Group 
 
will 
 
be
 
operating
 
according highest standard 
in
 the market
“
.
GRI: 2-
22, 2-23, 2-2
4, 2-2
5, 3-3
90

MATERIAL 
TOPIC
GHG emissio
ns
Energy use
Biodi
versity
Soil health
Use of pesticides and 
fertilise
rs
Water stewardshi
p
Packa
ging
Waste
Food safety
Animal health and 
welfare
Materials
Local communi
ties
OHS
Human rights
Employ
ee welfare
Shareholde
r v
alue
Tax
Supply
 cha
in 
transparency
Compli
ance
Economic inclusion
 
Partnerships
Equal opportun
ity
Governance practices
Human capital 
developme
nt
OHS: Occupational 
Health and 
Safety 
The 
Sustainable 
Development 
Goals 
(SDGs), 
part
 
of
 
the
 
20
30 
Agend
a 
for 
 
Sustainable 
 
Development
, 
 
adopted 
 
by
 
 
the 
 
193
 
 
United 
 
Nations’
 
member 
states, 
comprise 
the 
world’s
 
comprehens
ive 
plan 
of
 
action 
for 
achieving sustainable 
development
. 
Formally, 
SDGs 
and
 
the 
tar
gets 
associated 
w
ith 
t
hem 
apply
 
on
 
country 
level. Given the scope and complexity 
of
 
our
 ac
tivities, Linas Agr
o Group, 
AB
 
has 
the 
po
tential 
to
 
contribute 
to
 
almost 
all 
SDGs 
by
 
enhan
cing 
ou
r 
positive impacts 
or
 
by
 preventing and
 mitigating neg
ative impacts 
on
 the 
economy, environment, 
and
 people.
The
 
group
 
operates
 
mainly
 
in
 
economically
 
stre
ssed
 
r
egions,
 
pr
oviding
employment
 
and
 
contributing
 
to
 
economic
 
act
ivity.
 
The
 
Compan
y
 
has
established polici
es ensuring e
qual opportuniti
es for
 
professi
onal growth
for
 
all
 
em
ployees,
 
and
 
there
 
hav
e
 
been
 
no
 
recorded
 
cases
 
of
discrimination.
In
 
its
 
role
 
as
 
a
 
food
 
p
roduce
r,
 
the
 
group
 
produces
 
and
 
distributes
 
food,
with
 
an
 
emphasis
 
on
 
poultry
 
p
roducts
 
as
 
a
 
sour
ce
 
of
 
protein.
 
The
decision
 
to
 
not
 
use
 
antibiotics
 
in
 
poultry
 
pr
oduction
 
aligns
 
with
 
he
alth
and safety standards.
AB
 
LINAS
 
AGRO
 
GROUP
 
is
 
involved
 
in
 
various
 
agr
icultural
 
practices,
including
 
the
 
production
 
and
 
sale
 
of
 
locally
 
adapted
 
seeds
 
and
 
the
 
use
of 
advan
ced farming
 
equipment. We also
 
deve
lop the
 
Geoface precision
farming system.
The
 
Company'
s
 
energy
 
consumption
 
pr
ima
rily
 
relies
 
on
 
r
enewabl
e
sources.
 
Addi
tionally,
 
th
ere
 
ar
e
 
practices
 
in
 
place
 
to
 
minimize
 
waste
 
in
differe
nt
 
stages 
of 
production
.
Transparency
 
is
 
a
 
key
 
aspect
 
of
 
the
 
group's
 
operations,
 
ev
id
ent
 
in
 
their
sustainabili
ty
 
reports
 
and
 
policies
 
against
 
cor
ruption.
Linkages between the material 
topics and Sustainable 
Development Goals
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
G
 
R
 
O
 
U
 
P
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
G
 
L
 
O
 
B
 
A
 
L
 
 
C
 
O
 
N
 
T
 
E
 
X
GRI: 2-
24, 3-2, 3-3
91

GRAIN S
TORAGE
Harvesting 
 
is
 
 
very 
 
im
porta
nt 
 
for
 
 
every 
 
farm.
 
 
As
 
 
f
armers 
 
hav
e 
 
a
 
narrow 
 
tim
e  w
indow 
 
f
or 
 
harvesting 
 
th
eir  cro
ps, 
 
th
e  two 
 
m
ost 
importa
nt 
factors 
in
 
grai
n 
harvestin
g 
are 
speed and 
accuracy.
We
 
op
erate 
 
13
 
m
odern 
e
levators, 
 
10
 
 
of
 
which 
 
ar
e 
in
 
Lithuania:
 
Joniškis
, 
 
Kėdainiai
,
 
 
Vil
kaviškis
, 
 
Šiauliai
, 
 
Pasvalys, 
 
Lukšiai
,
 
Jungėnai
, 
 
Ka
rtena, 
 
Kupiškis
, 
 
a
nd 
 
togeth
er 
 
with 
 
partn
ers 
 
–
 
 
in
 
Gustonys  
(Pan
evėžys
 
 
di
strict).  Th
ree  grain  sto
rages  operate  
in
 
Latvia
: 
Jēka
bpi
ls
, 
Grobiņa
, 
and 
Rēzekne
.
At
 
our 
grain 
centres, 
we
 
constantly 
innovate 
and 
look 
for 
the 
best
 
solutions 
 
in
 
 
or
der 
 
to
 
 
imp
rove 
 
client 
 
ex
perie
nce 
 
and 
 
r
educe
 
service 
time.
 
A
utomated 
press
es 
in
 
o
ur 
la
boratories
 
ensure 
sw
ift
 
and 
 
reliable 
 
grain 
 
quality 
 
assessment. 
 
Integration
 
 
of
 
 
quality 
assessment 
 
system 
 
wit
h 
 
o
ur 
 
acc
ounting 
 
program
me 
 
allows
 
smoother  docum
entation 
 
of
  deliver
ed  harvest.  
As
  a  result,  
we
 
minimise 
th
e p
ossibility 
of
 
err
or 
and 
our 
clients 
do
 
not
 
waste 
tim
e
 
waiti
ng. 
Should  farm
ers  have  t
he
 
capacity  
to
  pre
pare 
 
th
eir 
 
harvest 
 
to
 
match t
he 
ap
propriate 
param
eters, 
grain 
can
 
be
 
d
elivered 
directly
 
to
 
th
e 
port. 
M
odernis
ed 
a
nd 
a
utomated 
r
eception 
proc
ess 
at
 
th
e 
ports 
helps 
us
 
m
anage 
c
argo
 
f
lows 
sm
oothly 
and 
helps 
farme
rs
 
minimise 
waitin
g 
time.
ECO GRAIN P
ROCU
REME
NT
Lithu
an
ia 
has 
seen 
a surge
 
in 
orga
nic 
farming
, 
influen
ced 
by 
glob
al 
consumer 
trends 
emphasising
 
organic 
and 
eco-
frien
dly 
prod
ucts. 
Beyond
 
the 
poten
tial
 
hea
lth 
benefi
ts 
linke
d 
to
 
organic 
consumpti
on, 
these 
eco-centri
c 
farming 
m
etho
ds 
play a pivota
l 
role
 
in 
reju
vena
ting 
and 
enh
ancin
g 
the 
fertil
ity 
of otherwise 
infe
rtile
 
soils.
GRAIN TRADE
Crop 
 
cultivation 
 
is
 
 
t
he 
 
backbone 
 
of
 
 
global 
 
econo
my 
 
and
 
 
the
 
foundatio
n 
of
 
food 
sys
tem. 
We
 
are 
an
 intern
ational 
play
er 
in
 
grain
 
trade  market,  exporti
ng  locall
y  grown  grain  and  oilseeds  fr
om 
Lithu
an
ia 
and 
Latvia
 
to
 m
ore 
tha
n 
40
 markets 
worldwide
.
For m
ore
 
than 
thr
ee 
d
ecades, 
we
 
h
ave 
been
 w
orking 
to
 
e
nsure 
a
 
steady 
 
supply 
 
of
  h
igh-quality  lo
cally  g
rown 
 
grain  and 
 
oilseeds. 
Our 
lo
ng-term
 
success
 
is
 
built 
on
 
fa
ir 
a
nd 
econ
omically 
i
nclusive 
relations 
 
wit
h 
 
local 
 
fam
ers
 
 
and 
 
fa
rming 
 
com
panies. 
 
We
 
 
ch
eris
h 
trust 
 
of
 
 
our 
 
s
uppliers 
 
a
nd 
 
are 
 
always 
 
wi
lling 
 
to
 
 
share 
 
our
 
profo
und 
experie
nce 
by
 
advising 
busi
ness 
partners 
on
 
grain p
rice
 
fluctua
tion
s 
and 
busin
ess 
risks.
 
Farmers 
 
a
nd 
f
arming 
 
compa
nies 
 
d
eliver 
 
harv
est
 
(foo
d 
an
d 
f
eed
 
wheat, 
rapese
ed, 
 
barle
y, 
 
peas 
and 
b
eans, 
rye, 
 
triticale, 
oats, 
and 
corn) 
 
dir
ectly 
 
fr
om 
 
fi
elds 
 
to
 
 
our 
 
g
rain 
 
centr
es 
 
and 
 
partner
 
ele
vators.
Our  highly  skilled  and  mot
ivated  professi
onals  wor
king  
at
 
our
 
grain 
ce
ntres 
ar
e 
resp
onsible 
for 
proper
 
prep
aration 
of
 
g
rain 
f
or 
export  m
arkets.
  Ther
efore, 
 
we
  are  f
ocus
ed  
on
  incre
asing  t
he 
demand 
and 
com
petitiveness
 
of
 
Lithuania
n 
an
d 
L
atvian 
grain 
in
 
the 
hig
hly c
ompe
ti
ng
 
glob
al 
m
arke
t.
We
 
 
strive  
to
  maintai
n 
 
high  grain 
 
quality,  
so
 
 
we
  have  acquired 
GMP+,
  GTP,  ISCC  cert
ificates  for  inte
rnational  tr
ade,  and
 
we
have 
 
j
oined 
 
t
he 
 
GAFTA 
 
tr
ade 
 
associat
ion,
 
 
wh
ich 
 
o
bliges 
 
us
 
 
to
 
comply with
 
extremely 
strict requi
remen
ts.
The
 
regu
latory
 
landscape
 
f
or
 
organic
 
prod
ucts
 
is
 
rigo
rous.
 
Every
product
 
falling
 
un
der
 
th
e
 
‘o
rganic’
 
label
 
must
 
a
dhere
 
to
 
th
e
regulations
 
set
 
fo
rth
 
by
 
the Europ
ean Co
uncil.
 
Furthermor
e,
 
every
entity
 
in
 
t
he
 
supply
 
chain,
 
r
ight
 
fr
om
 
seed
 
producers,
 
must
possess
 
a
 
vali
d
 
Ekoagros
 
certificate.
 
This
 
ce
rtification
 
fr
om
 
t
he
public
 
insti
tutio
n
 
serv
es
 
as
 
proof
 
that
 
the
 
organic
 
products
 
be
in
g
sold alig
n
 
with the
 
Euro
pea
n
 
Uni
on
’s
 
directives
 
and criteria
.
AB
 
Linas
 
Agro
 
is
 
a
 
certified
 
t
rad
er
 
of
 
organ
ic
 
c
rop
 
pr
oducts
 
as
certified
 
by
 
Ekoagros.
 
Our
 
org
anic
 
trade
 
departme
nt
 
procu
res
 
a
variety
 
of
 
org
anic
 
grai
n
 
a
nd
 
s
eeds
 
fr
om
 
local
 
farm
ers
,
 
including,
but
 
not
 
lim
ited
 
t
o,
 
o
ats,
 
wh
eat,
 
spe
lt,
 
rye,
 
b
arley,
 
a
nd
 
beans.
 
To
further
 
fortify
 
o
ur
 
commitm
ent
 
to
 
or
ganic
 
trade,
 
AB
 
Linas
 
Agr
o
operates
 
a
 
specialised
 
elevator
 
in
 
K
artena,
 
exclusively
 
dedicated
to 
handli
ng
 
org
ani
c
 
gra
in.
COMPOUN
D 
FEED
This 
 
busi
ness 
 
line 
 
includes 
 
pr
oduction 
 
and 
 
sale 
 
of
 
 
bulk 
 
and 
bagged 
feed 
for 
p
oultry,
 
pigs, 
cattle, 
and 
oth
er 
animals
, 
also 
fee
d 
material 
and 
 
feed 
 
additive 
tr
ading. 
We
 
pro
duce 
compoun
d 
fee
d
 
for 
 
m
aturing 
 
br
eeders
, 
 
laying 
 
h
ens, 
 
broilers, 
 
turkeys, 
 
quails, 
waterfowl,
 
c
alve
s, 
 
dairy 
cows, 
lactating 
cows,
 
beef 
cattle, 
 
piglets
 
and 
f
atteni
ng 
pigs, 
hors
es, 
fish, 
she
ep, 
goats, 
rabbits, 
as
 
well 
as
 
bai
ts 
for 
fish. 
Feed 
 
materi
als 
 
entail 
 
trad
e 
 
in
 
 
fo
od 
 
by
-
prod
ucts 
 
(such 
 
as
 
sunflow
er 
 
c
ake, 
 
sunflower
 
 
m
eal, 
 
rap
eseed 
 
c
ake, 
 
s
oybean 
 
me
al, 
sugar 
 
beet 
 
pellets,
 
 
e
tc.) 
 
and 
 
vegetabl
e 
 
oils.
 
 
The 
 
portfolio 
 
of
 
feeding 
products 
includes 
feed 
a
dditives, 
such 
as
 
licks, 
premixes, 
vitamin
s, 
amino 
acids, etc. 
RETAIL AND WHOLESALE
12
 
d
edicate
d
 
AB
 
K
auno
 
Grūdai
 
feed
 
s
tores
 
oper
ate
 
across
Lithu
an
ia.
 
Prod
ucts
 
are also
 
availab
le
 
in 
our
 
onlin
e
 
store.
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
G
 
R
 
A
 
I
 
N
 
,
 
 
 
O
 
I
 
L
 
S
 
E
 
E
 
D
 
S
 
,
 
 
 
F
 
E
 
E
 
D
LEADING  
EXPORTER
 
OF LOCAL
 
HARVEST
ECO GRAIN 
ELEVATOR
 
IN KAR
TENA
MORE THAN 
50 UNIQUE 
RECIPES
GRI: 2-
6, 2-24
, 
2-2
9, 3-3
92

FERTILISE
RS A
ND MICR
ONUTRI
ENTS
We
 
su
pply
 
f
ertilisers
 
f
or
 
crops,
 
gard
en,
 
an
d
 
vegetables.
 
Ou
r
portfolio
 
i
ncludes
 
min
eral,
 
orga
nic,
 
micronutrient,
 
and
 
bi
o-
minera
l
 
fertilisers.
PLANT PROTECTION
 
PRODUCTS
To
 
ensure
 
t
he
 
safety
 
of
 
c
rops,
 
we
 
of
fer
 
a
 
wi
de
 
range
 
of
herbicides,
 
fungicides,
 
g
rowth
 
r
egulators,
 
in
s
ecticides,
 
and
glyph
osates.
The
 
us
e
 
of
 
ch
emicals
 
fo
r
 
p
lant
 
protection
 
in 
Lith
uania
 
is
 
strictly
regu
late
d
 
by
 
the Law 
on
 
Plan
t
 
Protecti
on.
AGRICU
LTURAL 
MACHINERY
We
 
are
 
prou
d
 
repres
enters
 
of
 
w
orl
d-cla
ss
 
agricultur
al
 
machinery
in
 
th
e
 
Baltic
 
States.
 
Our
 
portfo
lio
 
of
 
agricultural
 
m
achinery
includes
 
everything
 
n
ecessary
 
for
 
successful
 
farm
ing:
 
tractors,
grain
 
and
 
fo
rage
 
harvesters,
 
ti
llage,
 
sowing
 
and
 
forage
preparatio
n
 
m
achinery,
 
sprayers
 
and
 
fe
rtiliser
 
spr
eaders,
telescopic
 
and
 
art
iculated
 
loaders,
 
trailers
 
and
 
semi
-trailers,
irrig
atio
n
 
an
d
 
manu
re
 
handl
ing
 
equ
ipmen
t.
In
 
ord
er
 
to
 
maintain
 
repres
entation
 
rights,
 
we
 
must
 
m
eet
 
the
highest
 
quality
 
r
equirements,
 
so
 
we 
ar
e
 
a
lways
 
try
 
to
 
provid
e
 
to
p
class experi
en
ce
 
to
 
all
 
our
 
c
lie
nts.
We
 
also
 
s
ell and rent
 
used
 
machine
ry
 
of
 
high quali
ty.
SPARE PARTS AND SERVICE
Our 
 
p
rofess
ional 
 
maintena
nce 
 
services 
 
are 
 
design
ed 
 
to
 
 
e
nsure
 
maximum 
efficie
ncy 
of
 
our 
clients’
 
farms 
so
 
that 
our 
clients 
c
an 
focus 
on
 their 
direct 
farming 
activiti
es.
FARMING EQUIPMENT
Our
 
ran
ge
 
includes
 
feed
 
pr
oduction,
 
gr
ain
 
dryin
g,
 
cleaning,
sorting,
 
baiting,
 
transp
ort
 
a
nd
 
storag
e
 
equipme
nt,
 
as
 
well
 
as
 
air
purification
 
an
d
 
dust
 
collectio
n
 
eq
uipment.
 
Mod
ern
 
equipm
ent
installed
 
by
 
our
 
te
ams
 
of
 
pr
ofessionals
 
c
ontributes
 
to
 
increase
d
energy
 
effici
ency,
 
helps
 
prev
ent
 
loss
 
of
 
grain
 
an
d
 
materials
caused
 
by
 
pests, mold,
 
etc.
REGU
LATED 
DRAINAGE
We
 
are
 
the
 
experts
 
in
 
helping
 
our
 
clients
 
increase
 
the
 
efficiency
and
 
th
e
 
long-term
 
pr
ofitability
 
of
 
th
eir
 
f
ields.
 
O
ur
 
exp
erienced
engineers
 
at
 
D
otn
uva
 
Baltic
 
are
 
able
 
to
 
adapt
 
t
he
 
r
egulated
drainage
 
systems
 
to
 
the
 
fie
lds
 
of
 
a
 
specific
 
fa
rm.
 
This
 
m
ethod
 
of
water
 
m
anag
eme
nt dev
eloped
 
by
 
“
Eko
drena
”
 
helps
 
re
duce
 
short-
term water-rel
ated
 
stress
 
on
 
pl
ant
s.
SEED MANUFACTURI
NG
It
 
is
 
esti
mated
 
that
 
o
ur
 
bra
nd
 
“
Dotn
uva
 
Seeds”
 
accounts
 
for
 
30
%
of
 
certified
 
seeds’
 
m
arket
 
in
 
Lithua
nia
.
 
In
 
FY
2022/
2023
,
 
27
.2
thousand
 
to
ns
 
of
 
cer
tified
 
se
eds
 
wer
e
 
produce
d
 
in
 
our
 
own
 
see
d
prod
uction
 
pla
nt
 
located
 
in
 
Dotnuva.
UAB
 
Dotnuva
 
Baltic
 
has
 
a
 
c
ertificate
 
for
 
th
e
 
p
reparati
on
 
and
trade 
of
 
organ
ic
 
s
eed
s,
 
issued 
by
 
PI Eko
agro
s.
MODE
RN 
FARMINING S
OLUTIO
NS
Geoface
 
is
 
a
 
c
utting-e
dge
 
agricultural
 
sys
tem
 
paire
d
 
with
 
an
intuitive
 
app,
 
tail
ored
 
f
or
 
farme
rs,
 
agricultural
 
entiti
es,
 
and
agronomy
 
prof
essionals.
 
The m
ain
 
objective
 
behind
 
Geoface
 
is
 
to
revolutio
nise
 
farm
 
management,
 
making
 
it
 
not
 
only
 
seamless,
 
but
also amplifyin
g
 
c
rop outpu
ts.
Regional
 
adaptability:
 
It
 
is
 
develo
ped
 
to
 
address
 
the
 
uniqu
e
challenges
 
a
nd
 
ne
eds
 
posed
 
by
 
farm
ers
 
in
 
diff
erent
 
r
egions,
ensuri
ng
 
ea
ch farm
 
ben
efits
 
from
 
a custom
is
ed
 
experie
nce.
Precision
 
farming
,
 
central
 
to
 
Geof
ace,
 
is
 
the
 
cor
ners
tone
 
of
 
a
sustainable
 
and
 
eco
nomically
 
viable
 
agricultur
al
 
fut
ure.
 
At
 
t
he
heart
 
of
 
G
eoface
 
are
 
essential
 
functions,
 
like
 
co
mprehensiv
e
crop
 
monitori
ng,
 
streamlined
 
planning
 
for
 
spr
aying
 
and
fertil
isatio
n,
 
and a
 
robu
st
 
finan
cial
 
anal
ysis
 
tool
.
Geoface
 
int
egrates
 
the
 
FAPAR
 
algorithm
,
 
a
 
sophisticated
 
too
l
that
 
assess
es
 
t
he
 
s
olar
 
spectr
um
 
portion
 
absorbe
d
 
by
 
plant
chlorophyll.
 
This
 
allows
 
Geoface
 
to
 
deliver
 
un
parallele
d
 
accuracy
in
 
estimating
 
the
 
requir
ements
 
fo
r
 
fertilisers
 
and
 
plan
t
 
p
rotective
age
nts.
Crop
 
m
onitoring:
 
With
 
Geoface,
 
real-time
 
monitoring
 
of
 
fiel
d
growth
 
is
 
at
 
one
’
s
 
fingertips,
 
ensur
ing imm
ediate
 
detection
 
of
 
any
ano
malie
s,
 
accessible both
 
on
 
de
sktop
s
 
an
d mobile
 
devices.
Nitrogen
 
fertilisa
tion
 
m
apping
:
 
G
eoface
 
sim
plifies
 
the
 
c
reation
 
of
variable
 
r
ate
 
application
 
maps
 
for
 
nitrogen
 
f
ertilisation,
 
ens
uring
quick
 
turnaroun
ds
 
without
 
necessitating
 
in
-depth
 
agronomic
expertise.
 
Optimis
ed
 
f
ertiliser
 
ut
ili
satio
n
 
not
 
only
 
aug
ments
 
farm
profitability,
 
but
 
also
 
curtails
 
GHG
 
e
missi
ons
 
linked
 
w
ith
 
fertilis
er
applications.
 
M
oreover,
 
it
 
f
osters
 
i
ncrea
s
ed
 
carbon
 
rete
ntion
 
in
the
 
s
oil.
Resource
 
manageme
nt:
 
Th
e
 
platfo
rm
 
offers
 
an
 
integrated
dashboar
d
 
wher
e
 
reso
urces
 
can
 
be
 
eff
ortlessly
 
managed
 
and
monitore
d.
 
The
 
adde
d
 
advantage
 
is
 
its
 
capa
bility
 
to
 
auto-record
any resource
 
chang
es,
 
ensuri
ng
 
u
sers
 
stay upd
ated
.
PRECISION 
FOR BETTER
 
AGRICULTU
RE
MODERN 
TECHONOLOGY 
FOR MORE 
EFF
ICIENT
FARMING
TOP 
PERFORMANCE
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
P
 
R
 
O
 
D
 
U
 
C
 
T
 
S
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
S
 
E
 
R
 
V
 
I
 
C
 
E
 
S
 
 
 
F
 
O
 
R
 
 
 
F
 
A
 
R
 
M
 
I
 
N
 
G
GRI: 2-
6, 2-24
, 
2-2
9, 3-3
93

We
 
unders
tand
 
th
at
 
higher
 
p
roductivity
 
levels
 
are v
ery
 
d
ependen
t
on
 
t
he
 
life
 
quality
 
of
 
th
e
 
animals.
 
In
 
a
ddition,
 
h
igher
 
f
arm
efficiency
 
helps
 
us
 
reduce
 
res
ource
 
int
ensity
 
without
compromising
 
t
he
 
quality
 
of
 
pr
oduced
 
milk.
 
Therefo
re,
 
farm
ing
companies
 
co
operate
 
clos
ely
 
with
 
ot
her
 
pr
ofessional
s
 
within
 
th
e
Group 
to
 
devel
op
 
th
e most
 
sustaina
ble
 
industria
l
 
milk produ
ction
.
WATER BEDS 
A
 
dou
ble
 
wate
r
 
bed
 
allows
 
our
 
c
ows
 
to
 
form
 
the
 
m
ost
comfortable
 
b
earing
 
and
 
hav
e
 
a
 
sound
 
rest.
 
Water
 
ins
ide
 
the
 
bed
facili
tates
 
the
 
heat
 
exchange
 
and
 
eliminates
 
t
he
 
risk
 
of
 
heat-
rela
ted
 
s
tress.
Spe
cial
 
water
 
bed
 
coating
 
is
 
less
 
damaging
 
to
 
cows’
 
feet,
 
which
results
 
in
 
fewer
 
disea
ses
 
and
 
bruises.
Water
 
beds
 
are
 
mount
ed
 
in
 
lo
ngitudinal
 
metres,
 
so
 
tha
t
 
the
 
fluid
does
 
not
 
i
ntermix
 
(wh
ich
 
would
 
l
ead
 
to
 
bacterial
 
accumulation).
Water
 
beds
 
are
 
ballo
on-sha
ped;
 
whe
n
 
a
 
cow
 
stands
 
up,
 
all
 
t
he
liqu
id
 
runs 
on
 
th
e manure
 
path,
 
redu
cing
 
the
 
risk 
of
 
mastitis.
CROP PRODU
CTIO
N
According
 
to
 
the
 
SE
 
Agricultural
 
Data
 
Cente
r,
 
2.
904
m
 
ha
 
of
arable
 
land
 
was
 
declared
 
in
 
2023
.
 
Based
 
on
 
these
 
statistics,
 
we
manag
e
 
appro
ximately
 
0.7% 
of
 
total
 
ag
ricultu
ral
 
la
nd 
in
 
Lithu
ania
.
Crops
 
a
re
 
the
 
core
 
compo
nent
 
of
 
f
ood
 
in
dustry.
 
In
 
2
022/
23
,
 
we
harve
sted
 
133
 
thou
sand
 
to
ns 
of
 
differen
t
 
sorts 
of
 
grain.
The
 
developme
nt
 
of
 
agricultu
ral
 
activities
 
is
 
restricted
 
by
 
lan
d
resources;
 
t
hus,
 
we
 
ar
e
 
c
ommitte
d
 
to
 
nurtur
e
 
ara
ble
 
lan
d
 
to
ensure
 
busin
ess
 
continu
ity.
Pesticide
 
use
 
and
 
i
ntensive
 
agricu
lture
 
are
 
two
 
main
 
hazards
 
for
biodiversity;
 
theref
ore,
 
we
 
are
 
oblige
d
 
to
 
strictly
 
follow
 
existin
g
regulations
 
an
d
 
apply
 
pr
ecise
 
m
easur
es,
 
such
 
as
 
timing
 
and
qua
ntiti
es
 
of
 
c
hemical
s
 
used
.
No 
invasive c
rops are c
ulti
vated
 
withi
n
 
the
 
Group.
OUR CATTLE
By
 
the end
 
of
 
the r
eporti
ng
 
period,
 
the
 
headcount
 
of
 
ruminants
 
in
our
 
farms
 
amounte
d
 
to
 
7.3 tho
usand
 
c
ows, bulls,
 
and
 
hei
fers
.
MILK PRODUCTION
 
According
 
to
 
th
e
 
State
 
Enter
prise
 
Agr
icultural
 
I
nformatio
n
 
an
d
Rural
 
Business
 
Centre,
 
ov
er
 
the
 
rep
orted
 
p
eriod,
 
o
ur
 
dairy
 
cattle
(3,
304
 
c
ows)
 
accounted
 
for
 
approximate
ly
 
1.5%
 
of
 
total
 
dairy
cattle 
in
 
Lithu
ania.
 
Raw
 
m
ilk
 
pr
oduction
 
ove
r
 
the
 
reporting
 
period
reached
 
35
.5
 
t
housand
 
tons
 
(
35
.6
 
thous
and
 
t
ons
 
of
 
en
erg
y-
corrected
 
m
ilk
 
(ECM)),
 
which
 
accou
nts
 
f
or
 
2.5%
 
of
 
total
 
raw
 
mi
lk
sold 
in
 
Lith
uan
ia.
We
 
manag
e
 
the
 
most
 
efficient
 
dairy
 
farms
 
in
 
Lithuania.
 
In
 
2022
,
Sidabravo
 
ŽŪB
 
was
 
off
icial
ly
 
r
ecognised
 
as
 
the
 
m
ost
 
ef
ficient
raw
 
mi
lk
 
producer
 
in
 
L
ithuania,
 
followed
 
by
 
Šakiai
 
Dis
trict
 
Lu
kšių
ŽŪB
.
 
In
 
2021
,
 
Šakiai
 
District
 
Lukšių
 
ŽŪB
 
ranked
 
first,
 
w
ith
Sida
bravo
 
ŽŪB 
as
 
a runne
r-
up
.
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
G
 
R
 
I
 
C
 
U
 
L
 
T
 
U
 
R
 
E
46%
36%
13%
5%
SOIL A
ND R
ESI
DUALS
 
ENTER
IC EM
I
SSION
S
 
DIESEL
 
MANU
RE
55%
13%
16%
4%
4%
8%
Winte
r wheat
 
Winter rape
seed
 
Barl
ey
 
Corn
 
Beans
 
Other
CROPS BY 
AREA
CROPS BY 
HARVEST 
VOLU
ME
GHG 
EMISSIONS BY 
ACTIVITY
40%
19%
16%
10%
7%
8%
Winte
r wheat
 
Winter rape
seed
 
Barl
ey
 
Corn
 
Beans
 
Other
GRI: 2-
6, 2-24
, 
2-2
9, 3-3, 30
5-1
, 13.11
.2
94

FLOUR
The 
begin
ning 
of
 
milling 
busin
ess 
of
 
KG
 
Group 
dates
 
back 
120
 
years. 
The 
f
lour 
m
illing 
i
ndustry 
is
 
a 
v
ibrant 
sector 
t
hat 
combin
es 
traditional 
skills 
with 
m
oder
n t
echnology 
to
 
produce 
a 
wide 
ra
nge 
of
 
 
flou
rs. 
 
Quality 
flo
ur 
 
productio
n 
is
 
one
 
 
of
 
 
t
he 
 
corn
erstones 
 
of
 
food
 
industry.
Upstream, 
 
we
 
 
are 
 
a 
 
reliable 
 
partner 
 
for 
 
local 
 
farm
ers: 
 
in
 
2022
/
23
, 
AB
 Kaun
o 
Gr
ūdai
 procu
red 
306
 
thousand
 to
ns 
of
 l
ocal 
harve
st, 
30
% 
of
 
which was 
used 
for 
flour
 
productio
n 
in
 
our
 
mill.
All 
grain 
is
 
caref
ully 
tested 
in
 
our
 
own 
laborat
ory; 
optical 
sorti
ng 
technology 
 
ensures 
 
the 
 
highest 
 
pr
ecision 
 
in
 
 
removing 
 
a
ll
 
impuri
ties 
and
 
defected 
grain
.
Downstream, 
we
 
are 
a key player 
in
 m
ultiple f
ields, f
rom
 industria
l 
bak
erie
s 
to
 househ
old 
kitche
ns.
FLOUR MIXE
S
We
 
offe
r 
flour 
m
ixtures 
f
or 
pancakes, 
chocolate 
cake, 
dou
ghnuts,
 
kibins, 
pizza, 
cupcakes, 
and 
we
 
keep 
i
ntroducin
g 
new
 
options 
for 
those  w
ho 
 
are  l
ooking 
 
for 
 
hass
le
-free 
 
c
ooking  ex
perie
nce  
at
 
home.
INSTANT NOODLES
S
ince
 
2011,
 
AB
 
Kauno
 
Grūdai
 
has
 
be
en
 
pr
oducing
 
instant
noodles.
 
Our
 
factory
 
sources
 
only
 
the
 
fi
nest
 
and
 
most
 
exot
ic
materials
 
from
 
overse
as,
 
as
 
well
 
as
 
in
 
t
he
 
l
ocal
 
market,
 
an
d
remains
 
the
 
only instant
 
noodl
e manu
facturer
 
in
 
the B
altic States.
Products
 
ar
e
 
exporte
d
 
to
 
23
 
countries
 
all
 
over
 
th
e
 
w
orld,
includ
ing
 
Spain, Germany,
 
Fran
ce,
 
Holl
and
,
 
and Scandin
avia.
We
 
pro
duce 
palm 
 
oil,
 
fl
avour 
en
hancers, 
pres
ervatives,
 
synthetic 
color-fr
ee pro
duct lin
es. Natura
l exotic a
dditives, 
such 
as
 c
oconut, 
mushrooms
, 
or
 
green 
c
urry, 
enrich 
this 
pro
duct 
range 
and 
add 
an
 
excepti
ona
l 
taste 
to
 
Sun Yan Nature
 
noodles
.
Nood
les 
are packed 
in
 
pouche
s 
and
 
c
ups.
INSTANT P
ORRI
DGE
 
Who
le 
grain oatmeal
, 
buckwh
eat, 
or
 
couscous 
porri
dge
 
is
 
an
 
exc
ell
ent 
source 
of
 
dietary 
fibe
r 
for everyone.
FULL-CYC
LE 
POULTRY BUSIN
ESS
Besides
 
grain
-based
 
products,
 
poultry
 
pro
duction
 
cycle
 
is
 
a
notable
 
part
 
of
 
our
 
f
ood
 
s
egm
ent.
 
Ov
erall,
 
poultr
y
 
business
repre
sents
 
a sign
ifican
t
 
p
art
 
of
 
energy
 
and material
 
consumptio
n.
Each bro
iler
 
c
hicken
 
originates
 
from
 
o
ur
 
hatcheries
 
with
 
fertilis
ed
eggs
 
from
 
parent
 
fl
ocks
 
m
aintained
 
at
 
our
 
f
arms,
 
ensuring
genetic
 
consist
ency.
 
On
 
average,
 
our
 
hatcheri
es
 
pro
duce
 
abou
t
160
,
000
 
chicks dail
y.
After
 
h
atching,
 
chickens
 
ar
e
 
tr
ansferr
ed
 
to
 
po
ultry
 
ho
uses,
 
each
accommodating 
22
-
30 
thousand
 
broilers,
 
for
 
a
 
period
 
of
 
40
 
days.
Their
 
diet
 
is
 
form
ulated
 
to 
meet
 
their
 
requirem
ents
 
across
 
al
l
 
lif
e
stages,
 
with
 
a
 
significant
 
po
rtion
 
of
 
t
heir
 
feed
 
b
eing
 
l
ocally
prep
are
d.
Our
 
birds
 
are
 
s
laughtere
d
 
conform
ing
 
to
 
establish
ed
 
standards.
The
 
m
eat
 
is
 
then
 
processed
 
at
 
our
 
f
acilities,
 
allowing
 
us
 
to
expand
 
our
 
product
 
offe
rings.
 
We
 
o
perate
 
under
 
strict
 
industry
regulations,
 
u
nderstand
ing
 
that
 
non
-comp
liance
 
c
ould
 
lead
 
to
ope
ratio
nal
 
interru
ptions
 
or
 
pena
ltie
s.
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
F
 
O
 
O
 
D
 
 
 
P
 
R
 
O
 
D
 
U
 
C
 
T
 
S
GRI: 2-
6, 2-24
, 
2-2
9, 3-3
95

BIRD
 CONTROL
Wild 
birds,
 
such
 
as
 
pigeons,
 
might 
cause 
d
amage 
to
 
storag
e 
and
 
productio
n 
f
acilities; 
t
heref
ore, 
we
 
off
er 
sustain
able 
and 
mo
dern
 
soluti
ons 
for the 
protectio
n 
of
 
materi
als 
and 
prod
ucts.
FREEZE
-DRI
ED 
PET 
FOOD
AB
 
 
Kauno 
 
Gr
ūdai
 
 
has 
 
be
en 
 
p
roducing 
 
p
et 
 
f
oo
d 
 
f
or 
 
almost 
 
30
 
years.
We
 
 
offer 
 
eco
nomically 
 
inclusive 
 
brands, 
 
s
uch 
 
as
 
 
“
Canis
”
 
 
and 
“
Aport
”
, 
 
providing 
 
pet 
 
ow
ners 
 
w
ith 
 
an
 
 
opportun
ity  
to
 
 
maintai
n 
prop
er 
nutritio
n 
for 
their
 
pets.
In
 
2020, 
a 
su
per 
premi
um 
p
et 
f
ood 
pro
duction 
lin
e w
as 
launch
ed
 
in
 
Alytus.
“Freeze
-dried 
raw 
co
ated”
 
is
 
an
 
in
novative 
techno
logical 
solutio
n 
which 
 
offers 
 
an
 
 
exclusive 
 
taste  
to
 
 
“QUATTRO"
 
 
pro
ducts 
 
and
 
enriches 
 
th
em  with 
 
n
aturally  pr
eserved 
 
n
utrie
nts  n
ecessary  
in
 
dai
ly 
nutri
tion
.
“QUATTRO”
  dog  food 
 
contains
 
 
58
-
83
%  
of
 
 
animal  proteins  
to
 
ensure
 
that the 
natura
l 
nutritio
nal 
needs
 
of
 
dogs are 
met.
“QUATTRO”
  cat
  food  contains 
 
64
-
73
%  
of
  animal  proteins  for
 
bette
r 
nutri
tion
 
and
 
health
 
of
 
c
ats.
VETERI
NARY
 
PHARMACY
Our 
vet
erinary 
business 
line 
off
ers 
the 
most 
advanced 
means 
of
 
disea
se 
preventi
on 
and 
trea
tment 
for 
ani
mals 
and 
pets: 
-
 
Selection
 
of
 
feed 
and feed 
addi
tives
-
 
Veterin
ary 
 
m
edicine 
 
a
nd 
 
tools 
 
fo
r 
 
v
eterinary 
 
ph
armacies, 
veteri
nary 
doctors, 
clini
cs,
 a
nd 
pet
 
s
hop
s
-
 
Professiona
l 
c
onsult
atio
n 
for 
veterin
aria
ns
-
 
Individ
ua
l 
c
ustome
r 
informati
on
 
about 
market 
inn
ovatio
ns
-
 
Regula
r 
traini
ng 
seminars
TRAININ
GS,
 
SEMINARS
Educating 
 
vet
erinary 
 
commu
nity 
 
h
elps 
 
raising 
 
q
uality 
 
standards,
 
saving 
 
anima
l 
 
lif
e 
 
an
d 
 
m
aintaining 
 
business 
 
segment
 
developm
ent. 
 
Our 
 
prof
essionals 
 
an
d 
 
partners 
 
s
hare 
 
their
 
experi
ence, 
insights, 
and present 
veterin
ary 
pharma
cy 
novelti
es.
In
  ad
dition,  
we
 
 
h
old  t
he  l
argest 
 
biannual  vet
erinar
y 
 
pharmacy 
congress  
in
  t
he  Baltic 
 
Stat
es,  
“VET
 
Congress”,
  which  attracts 
hundre
ds 
 
of
 
 
participants 
 
not
 
 
onl
y 
 
fr
om 
 
Lithuania,
 
 
but
 
 
also 
 
from
 
foreign 
 
c
ountries.
 
 
Duri
ng 
 
the 
 
c
ongr
ess, 
 
we
 
 
delve
 
 
int
o 
 
tren
ds 
 
in
 
veterinary 
me
dicine, 
a
dvanced 
practice 
s
olutions,
 
and 
innovations
 
in
 
veteri
nary 
pharmacy.
DER
ATIZATION
We
 
 
offer 
 
a 
 
full 
 
sc
ale
 
 
of
 
 
products 
 
a
nd 
 
t
ools 
 
for
 
 
observation, 
repelli
ng, 
a
nd
 
d
estruction 
of
 
r
odents 
usin
g 
s
pecial 
m
ethods 
an
d 
tool
s.
DESTRUC
TION 
OF
 INSECTS 
Insects 
 
mig
ht 
 
cause 
 
a 
 
l
arge-scale 
 
irr
eparable 
 
damage 
 
fo
r 
 
fo
od 
industry; 
 
th
us, 
 
a 
 
complex 
 
of
 
 
m
easur
es 
 
that 
 
i
ncludes 
 
pr
evention,
 
monitorin
g, 
re
pelling, 
and 
destr
uction 
of
 
art
hropods
 
us
ing 
vario
us 
method
s 
and 
tools must 
be
 
considered
 
at
 all times.
DETE
CTION 
OF
 
PESTS 
IN
 WA
REHO
USES
Up
 
to
 
several 
doze
n 
types 
of
 
pests 
are found
 
in
 s
tora
ge 
facil
itie
s.
Cereal 
pests
 
multiply 
very 
quickly; 
th
ey 
damage 
and 
contaminat
e 
huge 
 
quant
ities 
 
of
 
 
gr
ain 
 
and 
 
other 
 
pro
ducts 
 
that 
 
are 
 
no
 
 
long
er
 
suitab
le 
for 
use, causing 
signi
ficant 
fina
ncial
 
damage
.
Fumigation 
can 
be
 
carried 
out 
in
 
wareh
ouses 
wit
h 
inf
ected 
grain
 
or
 
othe
r 
products.
DISIN
FECTIO
N
Our te
am h
elps 
prev
ent 
and r
emove 
mo
ld 
and micro
or
ganisms 
by
 
perform
ing 
prop
hylacti
c 
and 
focal 
disinfections.
 
To
 
en
sure
 
human
health
 
and s
afety,
 
these s
ervices
 
are
 
essential
 
in 
publi
c
 
gat
hering
places,
 
such
 
as
 
s
hops,
 
s
chools,
 
hosp
itals,
 
public
 
cateri
ng,
 
etc
.
 
In
addition,
 
disin
fection
 
is
 
necessary
 
in
 
po
ultry
 
and
 
livestock
 
farms,
as
 
well
 
as
 
man
ufacturing
 
facilities
 
processi
ng
 
the
 
products
 
of
ani
mal
 
orig
in.
WE HELP 
FOOD 
INDUSTR
Y 
PLAYERS 
ENSURE 
FOOD SAFETY
WE ARE 
TRU
STED BY 
THE LARGEST 
INTERNATIONAL 
PTODU
CERS
11.2 THOU
S.
TONES 
PRODUCED 
OVER 
2022/23
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
O
 
T
 
H
 
E
 
R
 
 
 
A
 
C
 
T
 
I
 
V
 
I
 
T
 
I
 
E
 
S
GRI: 2-
6, 2-24
, 
2-2
9, 3-3
96

32%
35%
8%
8%
12%
5%
Lithua
nia
 
Europ
e exc
e
pt 
Scand
inavi
a
Scandi
navia
 
Asia
Afric
a
 
CIS
Other
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
DECENT WORK CONDITIONS
Workplace
 
standards
 
have
 
been
 
established
 
based
 
on
 
globally
accepted
 
be
nchmarks.
 
These
 
sta
ndards
 
encapsulate
 
s
afety,
hygiene,
 
and
 
optimal
 
w
orking
 
co
nditions.
 
Regular
 
audits
 
are
conducted
 
to 
ensur
e
 
that
 
thes
e
 
conditions
 
ar
e
 
maintained,
 
wh
ich,
in
 
turn,
 
ensure
s
 
th
at produ
ctivity
 
is 
maximised.
In the fiscal 
year und
er 
review, 
our 
tota
l 
compensati
on 
for 
emplo
yees 
amoun
ted 
to EUR138m. 
This 
figu
re 
represents 
our 
ong
oin
g 
commitment 
to fair c
ompe
nsati
on 
and
 is 
in line
 
with 
ind
ustry 
s
tan
dard
s.
ANNUAL 
TOTAL COMPENSATION
EUR
138
m
GROUP 
INCOME BY 
MARKETS 
FY 2022/2
3
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGEN
DA
 
OUR
 ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMP
ACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
D
 
E
 
C
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
 
 
W
 
O
 
R
 
K
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
E
 
C
 
O
 
N
 
O
 
M
 
I
 
C
 
 
 
G
 
R
 
O
 
W
 
T
 
H
GROUP DEVELOPMENT
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
3000
Female
 
Male
 
Female
 
Male
 
Female
 
Male
2020/21
 
2021/22
 
2022/23
<30 years
 
30
-
50 years 
 
>50 years
GRI: 2-
6, 3-3, 20
1-1
, 
203
-2
242
592
942
1 
896
2 000
m EUR
Internation
al 
trading of 
agricultural 
products
Supply
 of
agricultural
products
secured with
Baltic farmers
Expanding
activity with
agricultural
machinery sales,
seeds and grain
storage equipment
Starting
seed 
productio
n
Launching
grain handling
and storage
services
Engaging
in mil
k
productio
n
and crop
cultivation
Enterin
g
poultry
 business
Expanding
fertilize
r
operation
Control
ling 
stake of
KG Group 
Developmen
t
of precisio
n
farming
systems 
First entit
y of
Linas Agro Group
founded
  -
UAB Linas 
ir
 viza
Acquisition
of a 50
% stak
e
in Dotn
uvos
Projektai
Seed pro
cessing
plant bui
lt...
... 1st
 modern grain
elevator commissio
ned… 
… & acquisition
 of first
farming enti
ties in LT
EUR 28m IPO
with a listi
ng on
Nasdaq
 
Vilniu
s
Acquisition
of LV‘s l
argest
poultry
producer
Acquisition
of fertili
zer
sales busine
ss
in LV
Acquisition
of a startup
GeoFace 
Divestment
of subsi
diaries
in Russia and
Belarus
Expanding 
ready to eat 
food category 
1991
 
1993
 
1998
 
20012002
 
2003
 
2010
 
2013
 
2016
 
2020
 
2021
 
2022
 
2023
97

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
NKP CERTIFIC
ATION
 
AND
 
STANDARD
The
 
National
 
Fo
od
 
Quality
 
(NKP)
 
s
ystem
 
characteris
es
 
prod
ucts
by
 
their
 
in
heren
t
 
naturalness
,
 
robust
 
nutrit
ional
 
profil
e,
 
and
commitment
 
to 
environmen
tal
 
c
onserva
tio
n.
•
 
Vilniaus
 
Paukštynas
 
is
 
the
 
firs
t
 
poultry
 
c
ompany
 
to
 
be
certifie
d
 
under
 
the
 
NKP system.
•
 
The
 
“Na
tional
 
Qu
ali
ty
 
Lithuan
ia”
 
label
 
on
 
product
 
pac
ka
ging
signifies
 
Vilniaus
 
Paukštynas’
 
success
ful
 
navigation
 
through
NKP audits
 
and
 
thei
r
 
attai
nment
 
of
 
the NKP
 
c
ertifi
cates.
•
 
Label
 
significance:
 
it
 
u
ndersc
ores
 
the
 
prod
uct’s
 
s
uperior
quality
 
th
at
 
not
 
only
 
aligns
 
w
ith,
 
but
 
also
 
s
ur
passes t
he
 
safety,
animal
 
welfar
e,
 
h
ealth,
 
a
nd
 
e
nvironm
ental
 
standar
ds
 
dictate
d
by
 
the
 
Euro
pean
 
Union
 
(EU)
 
a
nd
 
nation
al
 
le
gisla
tive
directives.
 
Thi
s
 
su
perior
 
quality
 
is
 
attributed
 
to
 
certain
distin
ctive
 
farming
 
or
 
pro
ductio
n
 
meth
odo
logies.
ROSS 
420
 
CLUB
AB
 
Vilniaus
 
paukštynas
 
has
 
earn
ed
 
a
 
prestigious
 
spot
 
in
 
th
e
“Aviagen
 
Kf
t
 
Ross
 
420
 
Cl
ub”,
 
marking
 
th
e
 
f
irst
 
Lithuanian
company
 
to
 
achieve
 
this
 
honou
r.
 
The
 
US
-
based
 
“Av
iagen”
 
is
 
a
global
 
authority
 
in
 
pou
ltry
 
br
eeding,
 
exte
nding
 
m
emb
ership
 
only
to
 
entities
 
that
 
surpass
 
stringent
 
ind
ustry
 
benchmarks.
 
AB
Vilniaus
 
pa
ukštynas
 
cli
nching
 
t
he
 
Eu
ropean
 
Poultr
y
 
Efficie
ncy
Factor
 
(EPEF)
 
of
 
420
 
s
howcases
 
t
heir
 
c
ommitme
nt
 
to
 
stella
r
poultry
 
health,
 
grow
th,
 
and
 
feed
 
assimilatio
n
 
standards.
 
Th
eir
practices,
 
which
 
emp
hasi
s
e
 
biosecurity,
 
dis
ease
 
preve
ntion,
 
and
state-
of
-the
-art
 
f
arming
 
tools
 
fo
r
 
r
eal-tim
e
 
po
ultry
 
health
monitorin
g,
 
ha
ve
 
set
 
t
hem
 
apart.
 
Furthermo
re,
 
their
 
an
tibiotic-fre
e
approach
 
fulfils
 
Lithuania’s
 
poultry
 
ne
eds
 
w
hile
 
und
erscoring
 
the
importance
 
of 
anim
al w
elfare.
 
The
 
memb
ership
 
in 
the
 
“Ross
 
420
”
forum
 
allows
 
to
 
exchang
e
 
novel
 
i
deas
 
with
 
global
 
pou
ltry
magnates.
 
An
 
“Aviagen”
 
r
eprese
ntative
 
prais
ed
 
o
ur
 
cuttin
g-edge
gen
etic
 
practices.
AS
 
Putnu
 
Fabri
ka
 
Kekava
 
is
 
also
 
a
 
mem
ber
 
of
 
th
e
 
“Aviagen
 
Kf
t
Ross 
420
 
Club”
.
GREE
N
 
SP
OON
SIA
 
Put
nu
 
Fabrika
 
K
ekava
 
received
 
a
 
„Z
aļā
 
karotīte”
 
(“Gr
een
spoon“)
 
c
ertificate
 
ba
ck
 
in
 
2015.
 
This
 
confirms
 
that
 
th
e
 
fres
h
poultry
 
products
 
“
Kekava
”
 
are
 
produce
d
 
in
 
Latvia
 
using
 
local
 
ra
w
materi
als
 
and m
eet high
 
qua
lity
 
standa
rds.
SIA
 
Putnu
 
Fabrik
a
 
Kekava
 
was
 
t
he
 
first
 
com
pany
 
in 
t
he
 
segm
ent
of
 
ma
nuf
acturers
 
of
 
me
at
 
pr
oducts,
 
to
 
whom
 
s
ertifi
cate
 
“Green
spoon
”
 
wa
s given.
PRIVATE LABEL
 
CONTR
ACTING
More
 
than
 
40
 
major
 
f
oreign
 
c
ompani
es,
 
in
cluding
 
large
supermar
ket
 
chains,
 
trust
 
t
heir
 
private
 
label
 
pr
oduction
 
to
 
AB
Kaun
o
 
Grūdai
.
We
 
a
re
 
r
eady
 
to
 
produce
 
in
stant
 
food
 
prod
ucts
 
ba
sed
 
on 
c
lients’
recipe
s
 
or
 
the 
ones
 
create
d
 
by
 
our
 
R&D
 
team.
Product
 
assortment
 
f
or
 
Private
 
Label:
 
instant
 
noodles,
 
pa
sta,
oatmeal,
 
buckwh
eat,
 
cou
scous,
 
rice,
 
granola,
 
muesli,
 
and
superfo
od
 
mix.
The
 
maj
ority
 
of
 
high
est
 
quality
 
raw
 
mat
erials
 
f
or
 
i
nstant
 
nood
les
are
 
m
ade
 
by
 
AB
 
Kauno
 
Grūdai
.
 
Constantl
y
 
improving
 
reci
pes
 
will
allo
w
 
your c
ustomers 
to
 
enj
oy
 
onl
y
 
the highest
 
qu
alit
y
 
products.
KEY INVESTMEN
TS
In
 
2022/
23
 
we
 
have
 
invested
 
EUR
 
30
m
 
in
 
our
 
operati
ons
 
in
orde
r
 
to 
improve
 
productio
n
 
efficiency.
For 
2023
/
24
 
we 
have c
onfi
rmed
 
followi
ng
 
investment
s:
•
 
Ex
pansion
 
of
 
instan
t
 
noo
dle
 
productio
n
 
(AB Kaun
o
 
grūdai
)
•
 
Fo
od
 
s
egment
 
p
roduct
 
portf
olio
 
expansion
 
(Gryba
i
 
LT
 
–
soups,
 
v
ege
tab
les,
 
po
rrid
ges,
 
etc 
in
 
pou
ches)
•
 
Ex
pansion 
of
 
breadcru
mbs
 
production
 
Bioga
s
 
plan
t
 
in
 
Lukšiai
•
 
Ac
tive
 
land
 
portfolio
 
m
anagem
e
nt
 
Dotnuva
 
Baltic
showroo
ms/centers
 
in 
LT
 
and
 
LV
•
 
N
ew s
eed factory 
in
 
Latvia
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
I
 
N
 
D
 
U
 
S
 
T
 
R
 
Y
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
N
 
O
 
V
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
F
 
R
 
A
 
S
 
T
 
R
 
U
 
C
 
T
 
U
 
R
 
E
AB KAUNO 
GRŪDAI 
RECEIVED AN 
EXPORTER
 OF 
THE YEAR 
AWARD
PRODUCT OF 
THE YEAR 
AWA
RD FOR
 
AS PUTNU 
FABRIKA
 
ĶEKA
VA 
GRI: 2-
6, 3-3, 20
3-
1 
WE STRIVE FOR 
THE HIGHEST 
QUALITY AND 
CONSTANTLY 
IMPROV
E 
EFFICIENCY
98

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
HAY FOR HEAT
 
PRODU
CTION
Using
 
hay
 
for
 
heat
 
pr
oduction
 
in
 
poultry
 
farming
 
is
 
an
alternative
 
and
 
pote
ntially
 
sustainable
 
metho
d
 
for
 
heating.
When
 
conside
ring
 
th
e
 
t
radition
al
 
energy
 
so
urces
 
used
 
in
poultry
 
farm
ing,
 
such
 
as
 
propan
e,
 
electricity,
 
or
 
natural
 
gas,
hay
 
cou
ld
 
s
erve
 
as
 
an
 
o
rganic,
 
renew
abl
e
 
reso
urce
 
that
 
c
an
be
 
produced
 
on
-site
 
or
 
sourced
 
locally from
 
our
 
own
 
farms.
Advan
tage
s
 
of
 
hay
 
as
 
biofue
l:
•
 
Low
 
environm
ental
 
im
pact:
 
Using
 
hay
 
as
 
a
 
fuel
 
s
ource
promotes
 
sustaina
ble
 
farming
 
practices.
•
 
Cos
t-effective:
 
Depe
nding
 
on 
the
 
l
ocal price
 
of
 
hay vers
us
tradition
al
 
fuel
 
so
urces,
 
hay
 
m
ight
 
be
 
a
 
m
ore
 
eco
nomical
optio
n,
 
especially
 
if
 
produced
 
on
-site.
•
 
Car
bon
 
neut
ral:
 
Burning
 
hay
 
releas
es
 
carbon
 
dioxi
de,
 
but
this
 
is
 
offset
 
by
 
t
he
 
amo
unt
 
a
bsorbed
 
during
 
its
 
g
ro
wth,
making 
it
 
pote
ntia
lly
 
carbo
n-ne
utral.
•
 
Re
newa
ble:
 
Unlike
 
fossil
 
f
uels,
 
hay
 
can
 
be
 
repla
nted
 
and
harveste
d
 
annu
al
ly.
Chal
leng
es
 
of
 
hay
 
as
 
biofue
l:
•
 
Inf
rastructur
e:
 
Traditional
 
he
ating
 
s
ystems
 
in
 
po
ultry
hous
es
 
are
 
n
ot
 
designe
d
 
to
 
burn
 
hay.
 
Significant
modificati
ons
 
or
 
new
 
e
qui
pment
 
m
ight 
be
 
needed
.
•
 
Stor
age:
 
Hay
 
requir
es
 
proper
 
sto
rage
 
to
 
prev
ent
 
mold
growth,
 
wh
ich can
 
produce
 
toxins
 
h
armful
 
to 
both
 
humans
and c
hicke
ns.
•
 
Co
nsistenc
y:
 
Achieving
 
a
 
consistent
 
he
at
 
output
 
with
 
hay
can 
be
 
more
 
chall
eng
ing
 
c
ompare
d
 
to
 
trad
itio
nal
 
fuel
s.
•
 
Efficie
ncy:
 
The
 
en
ergy
 
c
ontent
 
of
 
hay
 
is
 
generally
 
lower
than
 
that
 
of
 
co
nventional
 
fu
els.
 
Hence,
 
larger
 
v
olumes
might 
be
 
needed
 
to
 
produce
 
the
 
same amoun
t
 
of
 
he
at.
.
GREEN 
ELECTRICITY 
CONSUMPTION 
2022/2
3 
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
F
 
F
 
O
 
R
 
D
 
A
 
B
 
L
 
E
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
C
 
L
 
E
 
A
 
N
 
 
 
E
 
N
 
E
 
R
 
G
 
Y
In
 
co
nclusion,
 
w
hile
 
hay
 
can
 
be
 
co
nsidere
d
 
an
 
alternative
heating
 
sourc
e
 
in
 
pou
ltry
 
fa
rming,
 
it
 
is
 
ess
ential
 
to
 
w
eigh
 
its
benefits
 
a
gainst
 
its
 
chall
enges.
 
It
 
might
 
be
 
more
 
suitable
 
f
or
smaller-sc
ale 
or
 
o
rganic
 
poultry
 
farms
 
f
ocused
 
on 
s
ustainable
practices.
 
However,
 
techn
ological
 
advancem
ents
 
can
potentially
 
make
 
it
 
a
 
mor
e
 
viable
 
option
 
for
 
larger
 
operations
in
 
the
 
futu
re
.
SOLAR ENER
GY
 
P
ROD
UCTION
The
 
Group
 
comp
anies
 
source
 
almost
 
all
 
the
ir
 
electricity
 
from
renewab
le
 
resources
 
that
 
ar
e
 
certifie
d
 
as
 
gr
een.
 
Duri
ng
 
th
e
reporte
d
 
perio
d,
 
the
 
so
lar
 
plant
 
produced
 
85
.
9MWh,
 
which
was
 
used
 
for
 
instant
 
food
 
production
 
withi
n
 
AB
 
Kauno
Grūdai
. 
At
 
present,
 
t
he s
olar e
nergy
 
fr
om
 
our plant
 
r
ep
resents
0.
12
% 
of 
the total
 
electricity. After th
e e
nd 
of
 
FY
 
2022/
2023
solar
 
sys
tem
 
was
 
also
 
installed
 
in
 
K
edainiai
 
i
nstant
 
noodles
plant
 
(capacity:
 
160
 
kMW
h
 
p
er
 
year
)
 
and
 
by
 
th
e
 
closi
ng
 
of
calendar
 
2023
 
–
 
additionally
 
shall
 
be
 
operational
 
in
 
Coating
system
 
production
 
plant
 
(c
apa
city:
 
60
 
kMWh
 
per
 
year
).
 
Plan
s
are
 
in 
place
 
to 
further
 
assess
 
the
 
potential
 
exp
ansion
 
of
 
solar
capacity.
BIOGAS PRODU
CTION
 
PLANTS
The
 
Gr
oup
 
has
 
out
lined
 
plans
 
to
 
establish
 
a
 
biogas
 
plant
 
in
the village 
of 
Plyniai, 
Šakiai
 
district municipality, c
omplete with
biomet
hane
 
pu
rification
 
e
quipm
ent.
 
Th
e
 
goal
 
is
 
to 
integ
rate
 
it
into
 
th
e
 
gas
 
grid
 
with
in
 
thr
ee
 
years
 
and
 
launch
 
o
perations
 
by
2025
.
 
This
 
facility
 
will
 
includ
e
 
tw
o
 
bior
eactors
 
with
 
a
combined
 
ca
pacity
 
of
 
415
 
m
3
/h
 
or
 
3,635,
400
 
m
3
annually
.
The
 
agricultural
 
c
ompany,
 
Šaki
ai
 
D
istrict
 
Lukšių
 
ŽŪB,
 
is
spearh
eading
 
this
 
pr
oject.
 
The
 
biog
as
 
plant
 
w
ill
 
utilise
biodegradabl
e
 
waste
 
and
 
other
 
mate
rials
 
fr
om
 
th
e
 
Lukšių
ŽŪB 
cattle
 
unit a
nd
 
other affi
liated e
ntities 
to
 
prod
uce biog
as.
Additionally,
 
the
 
pr
oduction
 
pr
ocess
 
will
 
generate
 
di
gestate,
 
a
premiu
m-quali
ty
 
fertil
iser.
The
 
Group
 
also
 
conti
nuously
 
assess
es
 
the
 
viability
 
of
 
biogas
productio
n
 
at
 
other
 
l
ocations.
 
we
 
aim
 
to
 
install
 
biogas
 
plants
in
 
po
ultry
 
farms
 
bot
h
 
in
 
Lith
uania
 
and
 
L
atvia
 
by
 
2
027/
28
.
However,
 
a
 
larg
e
 
part
 
of
 
t
his
 
will
 
depen
d
 
on 
th
e
 
support
 
f
rom
structural funds
 
for
 
the proje
cts.
HAY USED AS 
BIOFUEL 
ACCOUNTED 
FOR 2.3% OF 
TOTAL ENERGY 
USED
FOCUS ON 
ENERGY 
EFFICIENCY IS 
OUR 
STRATEGIC 
COMMITMENT
TOTAL OUTPUT
OF ENERGY 
CONSUMPTION 
INTENSITY 
2022/23 
0.635 
MW
h/t
70%
23%
4%
3%
Poultry
 
Grain processing
 
El
evators
 
Agricul
ture
GRI: 3-
3, 302
-4, 302-5
 
99

38%
18%
22%
8%
4%
10%
AB Vil
niau
s paukšt
ynas
 
AS Pu
tnu f
abrika
 Kekava
AB Ka
uno 
Grūdai
 
SIA Lielze
ltini
AB Ka
išiad
orių pau
kštyna
s
 
O
thers
GROUP 
ENERGY MIX 
GWH, 2022/23 
Energy consumption 
GWh, Linas 
Agro Group, AB, 202
1
/2
2-2
022
/2
3
Compared
 
to
 the
 previous period, 
t
otal ener
gy 
consumption 
declined 
by
 4.4 G
Wh and amount
ed 
to
 
450
.5 GWh.
Group-wide, 
natural 
gas 
consumpt
ion 
accoun
ts 
for
 
58
.6% 
of
 
total 
energy 
used. 
80
%
 
of
 
the
 
total
 
natural
 
g
as
 
w
as
 
used
 
in
 
poultr
y
 
production.
 
Th
e
 
p
oultry
business
 
is
 
e
speciall
y
 
sensitive
 
to
 
t
emperature
 
variations.
 
To
 
maintain
 
an
tibi
otic-free
 
production
 
at
 
100
%,
 
there
 
is
 
limited
 
scope
 
for
 
potential
 
energy
reductions.
 
Additionall
y,
 
as
 
biosafety
 
and
 
animal
 
wellbeing
 
requirements
 
have
 
become
 
stricter
 
ov
er
 
time,
 
ene
rgy
 
savings
 
ar
e
 
pr
ima
rily
 
achieved
 
through
improved bu
ildin
g insulation and
 
the 
introdu
ction 
of
 
alternative energ
y sources. 
All poultry 
houses and 
production
 facilities are 
regular
ly audited 
to
 assess 
the 
need
 
 
f
or 
 
energy 
 
eff
iciency-related 
 
investments. 
 
Due 
 
to
 
 
high 
 
prices 
 
of
 
 
natural 
 
gas,
 
 
dependency 
 
on
 
 
this 
 
fuel 
 
was
 
 
soft
ened 
 
by
 
 
the
 
 
shift
 
 
to
 
 
LPG 
 
for 
 
heat 
production
.
Virtually all electricity consumed 
by
 the Group companies 
came fr
om renewable 
resour
ces. 
In
 total, rene
wable 
energy amounted 
to
 
21
.1%. 
Crop 
cultivation 
was 
th
e 
key 
cont
ributor 
to
 
the
 
consumption 
of
 
fuel, 
37
% 
of
 
fuel-
generated 
energy 
w
as r
equired 
for
 
crop p
roduction.
 
Introduced sustainable 
agricultural 
practices 
r
educe 
the 
n
umber 
and 
extent 
of
 
operations 
over 
gr
ain 
production 
cycle, 
resulting
 
in
 
r
educed 
fuel 
consumption 
and
 
increasing 
energy 
efficiency. The increase 
in
 fuel for transport
ation 
is
 
attribut
ed 
to
 the improved 
data collection process.
ELECTRICITY 
CONSUMPTION 
2022/23
GRAIN, OILSEEDS, AND 
FEED
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 
FOR FAR
MING
AGRICULTURA
L 
PRODUCTION
FOOD PRODUCTS
 
GROUP LEVEL
202
2
/2
3
 
202
1
/2
2
 
202
2
/2
3
 
202
1
/2
2
 
202
2
/2
3
 
202
1
/2
2
 
202
2
/2
3
 
202
1
/2
2
 
202
2
/2
3
 
202
1
/2
2
Biofue
l
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
8.6
 
4.5
 
8.6
 
4.5
Renewable Electri
city 
12.7
 
20.1
 
0.9
 
0.8
 
3.3
 
3.4
 
69.5
 
67.3
 
86.3
 
91.7
Natural gas
18.9
 
36.0
 
0.2
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
244.8
 
261
.5
 
263.9
 
297.5
Electricity
0.2
 
0.0
 
0.3
 
0.2
 
0.1
 
0.0
 
0.8
 
0.3
 
1.3
 
0.5
Diesel for transportation
7.4
 
2.9
 
5.2
 
5.3
 
3.8
 
0.0
 
20.7
 
17.0
 
37.3
 
25.2
Diesel
 
for heating o
f 
elevators
0.1
 
0.6
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
1.5
 
2.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
1.6
 
2.5
Diesel in agriculture
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.2
 
0.0
 
25.05
 
24.5
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
25.25
 
24
.5
Petrol for transportation 
1.8
 
0.5
 
0.8
 
0.5
 
0.05
 
0.1
 
2.8
 
1.9
 
5.45
 
3
.0
LPG for transport
ation 
0.1
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.4
 
0.2
 
0.5
 
0.3
LPG for heat pro
duction
1.2
 
4.0
 
0.3
 
0.2
 
0.5
 
0.4
 
17.9
 
0.0
 
19.9
 
4
.5
Heating
0.0
 
0.4
 
0.4
 
0.4
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.1
 
0.45
 
0.9
TO
TAL
 
EN
E
RGY 
US
ED
42.
4
 
64.
5
 
8
.3
 
7.4
 
3
4.
3
 
3
0.
3
 
36
5.
5
 
35
2.
8
 
45
0.
5
 
455
.
0
%
 of re
newable 
e
ne
rgy
29.95
%
 
31.1
8%
 
10
.84%
 
11.20%
 
9.62%
 
11.22
%
 
2
1.36
%
 
2
0.35%
 
21.07%
 
21.14%
32%
19%
16%
16%
7%
10%
AB Vil
niau
s paukšt
ynas
 
AS Pu
tnu f
abrika 
Kekava
AB Ka
išiad
orių pau
kštyna
s
 
AB
 Ka
uno Gr
ūdai
SIA L
ielzeltin
i
 
Others
NATURAL GAS 
CONSUMPTION 
2022/2
3 
1.
52
 MWH/T
78%
11%
10%
Natural gas
 
Electricity
0.
09
 MWH/T
Energy intensity and energy 
mix, instant
 food, 
Linas Agr
o 
Group, AB, 
202
2
/2
3 
Energy intensity and energy 
mix, compo
und fee
d 
produc
tion, Linas 
Agro Group, AB, 2
02
2/2
3
59%
41%
Natural gas
 
Electricity
2.
69 
MWH/T
69%
19%
6%
6%
Natural gas
 
Ele
ctricity
 
Fuel
 
LPG
Energy intensity and energy 
mix, poult
ry production, Linas 
Agro Group
, 
AB
, 
202
2
/2
3 
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
E
 
N
 
E
 
R
 
G
 
Y
 
 
 
C
 
O
 
N
 
S
 
U
 
M
 
P
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
66%
20%
12%
Natural gas
 
Electricity
 
Diesel
 
LPG
 
P
etrol
GRI: 3-
3, 302
-1, 302-2
, 302-3
, 302-4, 30
2-5
 
10
0

THE FIRST 
BIOMETHANE-
POWERED 
TRUCK IN 
LITHUANIA
GHG
 
e
missi
ons
 
and
 
contr
ibution
 
to
 
the
 
climate
 
change
 
is
 
o
ne
 
of
 
the
 
key
adversities
 
generated
 
by
 
our
 
Group
 
activities.
 
We
 
are
 
comm
itted
 
to
decreasing
 
our
 
dependency
 
on
 
f
ossil
 
fuels
 
as
 
well
 
as
 
opt
i
mising
 
GHG
emissi
ons
 
related
 
to
 
animal
 
r
earing,
 
ma
nure
 
mana
geme
nt,
 
and
 
soil
management
.
COWS AND CLIM
ATE CHANGE
Absolute emission reduction 
is 
cr
itical, as the
 
wor
ld moves towards
 
car
bon
neutrality
 
by
 
2050
.
 
We
 
recognise
 
the
 
res
ponsibility
 
of
 
the
 
dairy
 
sector
 
to
develop
 
sustainably;
 
h
owever,
 
the
 
mitigat
ion
 
p
otential
 
of
 
the
 
industry
 
will
remain li
mited 
by 
biological processes.
In
 
2022
/
23
,
 
tot
al
 
en
teric
 
emissi
ons
 
by
 
our
 
ruminants
 
accounted
 
for
17
.1% 
of 
total Scope 1 GHG emissions generated 
by 
the
 
Group activities.
In
 
order
 
to
 
reduce
 
negative
 
impacts
 
of
 
milk
 
production,
 
we
 
f
ocus
 
on
 
the
efficiency
 
of
 
d
ai
ry
 
f
arming
 
to
 
achieve
 
declini
ng
 
emission
 
inten
sity
 
per
product
.
Focus
 
on
 
productivity
 
over
 
the
 
reporting
 
period
 
resulted
 
in
 
the
 
decline
 
of
average
 
enteric
 
GHG
 
emissions
 
per
 
ton
 
of
 
ECM
 
produced
 
by
 
our
 
dairy
cattle, which amoun
ted 
to
 
0.
37
t 
CO
2
eq 
to
 
0.
33
t
 
CO
2
eq
.
SOIL 
GHG 
EMISS
IONS
Agricultural
 
soil
 
is
 
a
 
dynamic
 
biological
 
system
 
that
 
sequestrates
 
and
emits gr
eenho
use gases.
 
In
 
2022/
23
,
 
tot
al emissions from
 
managed soils
amounted
 
to
 
23
.6
 
thou
san
d
 
tons
 
of
 
CO
2
eq
 
or
 
17
.
6%
 
of
 
to
tal
 
Scope
 
1
emissions 
by 
the 
G
roup. The mo
st conservative estimate indicates that
 
t
he
soil
 
sequestrated
 
approximately
 
21
.6
 
thousand
 
tons
 
of
 
CO
2
eq
.
 
Ther
efore,
adjusted
 
to
 
estimated
 
sequestration,
 
total
 
emissions
 
fr
om
 
managed
 
soils
amount 
to 
2
.4% 
of 
the entire Scope 1 GHG emissions
 
by 
the Group
.
POULTRY AND CL
IMATE CHANGE
The
 
pou
ltry
 
segme
nt,
 
like
 
many
 
ot
her
 
ag
ricultural
 
sector
s,
 
has
 
a
 
two-
fold
relationship
 
with
 
climate
 
change
.
 
On
 
one
 
hand,
 
poultry
 
produ
ction
contributes
 
to
 
global
 
greenhouse
 
gas
 
(GHG
)
 
emissions; 
on
 
t
he
 
other,
 
the
industry
 
is
 
vulnerable
 
to
 
the
 
impacts
 
of
 
the
 
chan
ging
 
climate.
 
Below
 
is
 
a
comprehensive look at this relationship:
Direct
 
emissio
ns:
 
Methane
 
(CH
4
)
 
and
 
nitrous
 
oxide
 
(N
2
O)
 
are
 
released
from manure managem
ent.
Indirect
 
emissions:
 
Emissions
 
from
 
feed
 
production
 
can
 
be
 
significant
.
Producing
 
t
he
 
grain
 
used
 
in
 
poultry
 
feed
 
requires
 
fertilise
r,
 
which
 
emits
nitrous
 
oxide.
 
Additionally
,
 
land-use
 
changes
 
for
 
f
eed
 
crop
 
pr
oduction
contribute 
to 
carbon di
oxide emissi
ons.
Energy
 
use:
 
Heating
,
 
cooling,
 
and
 
ge
neral
 
operations
 
in
 
poultry
 
houses
rely
 
on
 
energy,
 
oft
en
 
from
 
fossil
 
fuels.
 
While
 
we
 
are
 
able
 
to
 
virtually
eliminate
 
scope
 
2
 
emissions
 
by
 
switching
 
to
 
g
reen
 
electricity,
 
scope
 
1
emissions
 
re
main
 
significant.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
Impact 
of 
climate
 
c
hange 
on 
poultry produc
tion:
Heat
 
str
ess:
 
Poultr
y
 
ar
e
 
par
ticularly
 
sensitive
 
to
 
he
at.
 
Elevated
temperatures
 
can
 
redu
ce
 
f
eed
 
intake,
 
growth
 
rate
s,
 
and
 
egg
 
production,
and can increase mortality rates.
Disease
 
dynamics:
 
Changing
 
cli
mates
 
can
 
influence
 
the
 
range
 
and
lifecycle 
of 
many poultry dis
eases and pests.
Feed gr
ain production: C
limate change
 
can af
fect
 
t
he
 
yield 
of 
feed grains,
influencing the cost and availabi
lity.
Water
 
av
ailabil
ity:
 
As
 
climate
 
patt
erns
 
shift,
 
some
 
r
egions
 
may
 
exper
ience
water scarcity,
 
impacting poultry operat
ions.
FIRST STEPS
Vilniaus
 
Paukštynas
 
is
 
the
 
f
irst
 
Lithuanian
 
company
 
to
 
acquire
 
a
biomethane-p
owered
 
t
ruck.
 
Th
e
 
company
 
is
 
evaluating
 
the
 
ad
dition
 
of
more
 
such
 
v
ehicles 
to
 
its
 
fleet
.
 
Biomethane
 
tr
ucks
 
can
 
cut
 
CO
2
emissions
by
 
up
 
to
 
90
%,
 
according
 
to
 
Scania
 
Lietuva.
 
These
 
v
ehicles
 
also
 
oper
ate
more
 
quietly,
 
benefiting
 
drivers
 
and
 
the
 
p
ubl
ic
 
alike.
 
A
fter
 
a
 
year-long
testing phase
 
of
 
the
 
t
ruck 
in
 
Lithuania, V
ilniaus 
Paukšty
nas 
d
ecided 
on 
its
purchase.
 
By
 
early
 
Apr
il,
 
2023
,
 
t
en
 
more
 
such
 
t
rucks
 
were
 
acquired
 
by
various Lithuanian
 
ent
erprises.
SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS CHALL
ENGE
We
 
ar
e
 
responsi
bl
e
 
for
 
all
 
the
 
stages
 
of
 
p
rod
uction,
 
from
 
fee
d
 
pr
oduction
to
 
the
 
f
inal
 
sale
 
of
 
f
ood
 
products.
 
As
 
such,
 
the
 
GHG
 
emiss
ions
 
for
 
us
encompass
 
the entirety 
of 
the production
 
chain.
Quantifying
 
the
 
exact
 
G
HG
 
Scope
 
3
 
emissions
 
fo
r
 
our
 
Gro
up
 
requires
detailed
 
data
 
on
 
each
 
of
 
these
 
stages.
 
Factors
 
like
 
the
 
ty
pe
 
of
 
energy
used
 
(renewable
 
vs
.
 
non
-renewable),
 
th
e
 
efficiency
 
of
 
o
perations,
 
t
he
sources
 
and
 
p
rocessin
g
 
methods
 
of
 
f
eed,
 
an
d
 
waste
 
management
practices will all influence the
 
tot
al carbon footpr
int.
We
 
are
 
keen
 
on
 
improvin
g
 
the
 
reliability
 
of
 
our
 
Scope
 
3
 
estimates;
however,
 
taking
 
into
 
account
 
the
 
com
plexity
 
of
 
ou
r
 
supply
 
chain,
 
it
 
is
 
too
early 
to 
set reliable
 
strateg
ic commitments.
CLIMAT
E P
OSITIVE GOODS
It
 
is
 
our
 
strat
egic
 
commitment
 
to
 
promote
 
climate
 
positive
 
g
oods
 
and
machinery
 
to
 
local
 
far
mers
 
making
 
an
 
indirect
 
impact
 
to
 
G
HG
 
emissi
on
reduction.
EMISSIONS BY 
SCOPES
21%
0%
79%
SCOP
E 1
 
SCOP
E 2
 
SCOP
E 3
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
C
 
L
 
I
 
M
 
A
 
T
 
E
 
 
 
A
 
C
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
GRI: 2-
25, 3-3, 305
-1, 305
-2
, 
305
-3, 30
5-4, 305-5
, 305-
6
10
1

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
C
 
L
 
I
 
M
 
A
 
T
 
E
 
 
 
C
 
H
 
A
 
N
 
G
 
E
 
 
 
R
 
I
 
S
 
K
 
S
REPUTATION
&LEGAL
MARKET&TECHO
LOGY
PHYSICAL RI
SKS
We
 
perf
orme
d
 
qualitative
 
climate
 
c
hange
 
risk
 
analysis
 
based
 
on
 
TCFD
 
(T
ask
 
Force
 
on
 
Clim
ate-relate
d
 
Financial
 
Disclosures)
 
re
porting
 
pri
nciples.
 
Q
uantitative
 
analysis
 
was
 
chosen
 
ov
er
 
t
he
 
qualitative
analysis due
 
to
 
the limit
ed r
eliable t
ools an
d scenarios
 
to
 
assess
 
climate change-re
lated r
isks sp
ecific 
to 
o
ur re
gion a
nd busi
ness lines.
 
We
 
und
erstand t
hat quantitive c
limate cha
nge scenario
 
analysis w
ould
be
 
of
 
value
 
for
 
our
 
stak
eho
lders
 
an
d
 
even
tua
lly
 
we 
wou
ld
 
have
 
reli
abl
e
 
too
ls
 
to
 
model
 
possibl
e
 
long-te
rm
 
effects 
on
 
our
 
supply c
hai
ns
 
and
 
busin
ess
 
lines.
Plea
se
 
consul
t
 
ANNEX 
IV 
GHG INVENTORY
 
for s
peci
fic climate
 
c
han
ge disclosures
 
pub
lish
ed
 
by
 
the Group
-
 
Improving transparency (regular 
non
-financia
l reporting)
-
 
Improved a
ccountin
g 
of non
-financial
 
impacts 
on 
environment and so
ciety
-
 
Internal
 
education 
to 
avoid
 
greenwashing
-
 
M
onito
ring changes 
in 
regulation through supply chain
-
 
Dev
elop assessment metri
cs for suppliers
-
 
A
ctive
 
engagement
 
with stakeholde
rs
-
 
P
rioriti
sation
 
of 
energy-efficien
t
 
investment
s
-
 
Tra
cking and impl
ementin
g sustainable innovations
-
 
Improving
 
livestock
 
productivity
 
in
 
order
 
to
 
reduce
 
GHG
 
emissions
 
associated
with milk productio
n
-
 
Vertical
 
integration 
of 
feed producti
on business
-
 
Shift
 
to 
renewable electricit
y
-
 
Improving energy efficiency
-
 
Employ
ing sustainable agriculture pra
ctices
-
 
Developi
ng precision
 
farming tools
-
 
Livestock 
is 
highly sensi
tive 
to 
extreme temperature changes
-
 
Assessing and impl
ementin
g
 
adva
nced
 
control 
of
 
the 
microclimate
-
 
Operating
 
bro
iler
 
ho
uses
 
at
 
full
 
capacity
 
wit
h
 
bi
rd
 
f
locks
 
of
 
unifor
m
 
size
 
is
 
a
common prac
tice, 
one
 
which
 
enables
 
more
 
accurate
 
control 
of
 
the
 
microclimate
inside 
the 
barn and improves efficie
ncy
-
 
Improved Cli
mate Change Scenario
-
 
Promoting
 
c
limate-positive
 
agriculture
 
in
novation
 
in
 
products
 
a
nd
 
services
 
for
farms
OUR ACTIONS
LEGAL
REPUTATION
MARKET
TECHNOLO
GY
ACUTE
CHRONIC
EFFECTS ON SUP
PLY 
CHAIN
-
 
Tighten
ing
 
regulation
 
a
nd
 
s
upervision
 
of
carbon intensive busines
ses
-
 
Finan
cing
 
restrictions
 
related
 
to
 
GHG
emissions
-
 
In
troduction 
of
 
carbon pricing
-
 
Sh
ift
 
from
 
dairy
 
to
 
plant-based
milk products
-
 
Growin
g health concerns
-
 
P
roduct quality stability
-
 
In
creased pric
es for electricity
-
 
In
creasing
 
cost
s
 
of
 
mineral
fertilisers
-
 
In
creased
 
prices
 
for
 
fee
d
 
(raw
material), such as soy
-
 
Higher
 
livesto
ck
 
mortali
ty
rates
 
due
 
to
 
increase
 
in
temperature
 
and
 
numbe
r
of hot
 
days
-
 
Increasing
 
yield
 
volatility
due
 
to
 
changing
 
climate
conditions
-
 
Soil erosion
-
 
Overall
 
reduction
 
in
livestock productivity
-
 
Heat Stress:
-
 
Reduced conception rates
-
 
Milk quality decline
-
 
Exp
ensive technology developme
nt
-
 
Scarcity
 
of
 
components
 
for
 
fast
deve
loping
 
te
chnology
-
 
Lack 
of
 
the
 
infrastructure
-
 
Disease and Pest Proli
feration
-
 
Infrastructure vulnerability
-
 
Reduced Yields
-
 
Precipitation volatility and lower predictability
-
 
Damaged crops
-
 
Extreme cold during winte
r
-
 
Shift
 
in
 
procurement
 
practices,
 
such
 
as
strict
 
e
nvironmental
 
as
sessment
down
stream
 
th
e
 
sup
ply chain
-
 
Opp
ortunity
 
to
 
enhance
 
reputation
 
and
brand value
-
 
Opp
ortunity
 
to
 
engage
 
with
 
stakeholders
consisten
tly
-
 
Increased volatility 
in 
grain prices
-
 
Grain deficit
-
 
Compromised
 
reliability
 
of
 
mate
rial
supply
-
 
Reduced
 
energy
 
demands
 
for
 
heating
of 
far
ms
-
 
Increased
 
water
 
demands
 
for
 
cooling
farms
-
 
Possible
 
shift
 
in
 
sp
ecies
 
of
 
profitable
crops
-
 
Increased yields 
of
 
crops
-
 
In
creased
 
de
mand
 
for
 
energy-
effici
ent
 
lowe
r-carbon
 
produ
cts
-
 
New
 
technologies
 
that
 
disrupt
markets
-
 
In
creased production c
osts
-
 
Co
ncerns about GHG emissions
-
 
Accusations about greenwashing
-
 
Growin
g
 
expe
ctati
ons
 
for
 
responsible
manufacturing
-
 
Threat
s
 
to
 
se
curing
 
social
 
license
 
to
operate
-
 
P
ressure 
on
 
dairy indus
try
GRI: 2-
24, 3-3, 201
-2
10
2

SCOPE 1 GHG 
EMISSIONS BY 
SOURCE 
2022/23
For
 
detail
ed 
GHG in
vento
ry 
and 
methodo
log
y
, 
plea
se 
con
sult 
ANNEX 
IV 
GHG
 I
NVENTORY
GRAIN, OILSEEDS, FEED
PRODUCTS & 
SERVICES
FOR FARMING
AGRICULTURAL 
PRODUCTION
FOOD PRODUCTS
 
G
ROUP LEVEL
202
2
/2
3
 
2
021
/22
 
202
2
/2
3
 
2021
/22
 
202
2
/2
3
 
2021
/22
 
202
2
/2
3
 
2021
/22
 
202
2
/2
3
 
2021
/22
Scope 1
 
5.97
 
8.3
 
1.66
 
1.5
 
54.86
 
5
5.0
 
72
,65
 
69.0
 
135
.15
 
133
.8
Scope 2 (location-based)
 
4.4
 
8.1
 
0.5
 
0.5
 
1.1
 
1.3
 
23.9
 
26.0
 
29.9
 
35
.9
Scope 2 (market-based)
 
0.04
 
0.07
 
0.14
 
0.2
 
0.01
 
0.0
 
0.17
 
0.1
 
0.36
 
0.4
Scope 3
 
321
.9
 
410.1
 
26.6
 
2
6.3
 
24
.2
 
25.9
 
1
78.3
 
90
.2
 
551
 
552.5
Total (locatio
n-based)
 
332
.27
 
42
6.5
 
28.77
 
2
8.3
 
8
0.2
 
8
2.2
 
27
4.9
 
185.2
 
716
.1
 
722.2
TO
TAL
 
(m
ark
et-based)
 
327.
9
 
418.
5
 
2
8.
4
 
2
8.
0
 
7
9.
1
 
8
0.
9
 
25
1.
1
 
159.
3
 
686
.
5
 
686
.7
SCOPE 1: 
Direct
 
GHG 
emissions occur 
from
 
sources 
that 
are 
ow
ned 
or
 
cont
rolled 
by
 the
 
Gro
up. 
GHG 
em
issi
ons 
not
 
covered 
by
 
the
 
Kyoto 
Pr
otocol, 
e.
g., 
CFCs, 
NOx,
 
e
tc., 
ar
e 
not
 
included 
in
 
Scope 
1. 
T
otal 
Scope 
1 
GHG 
emissions 
over
 
the 
reported 
p
eriod 
amounted 
to
 
13
5.
15
 
thousand
 
tons 
of
 
CO
2
eq
. 
We 
estimate t
hat t
he sequestration 
of
 organic car
bon 
in
 managed soil could account
 for
 21.58 thou
san
d t
ons 
of
 
CO
2
eq, 
which could potentially reduce 
our Scope 
1 emissions down 
to
 
113
.
57
 thou
sand 
tons 
of
 
CO
2
eq
.
SCOPE 2
: 
It
 
repre
se
nts e
missi
ons that
 
our
 
com
pani
es caused
 
indire
ctly when
 
the energy (electricity
 
and
 
heat
ing)
 
we 
purchase
 
has
 
be
en produced 
by 
th
ird
party
 
providers.
 
98
.5%
 
of
 
electricity
 
consumed
 
by
 
the
 
Group
 
companies
 
came
 
from
 
renewable
 
sources;
 
thus,
 
Scope
 
2
 
GHG
 
emissions
 
are
 
virtually
 
non
-
existent.
 
Essentially, t
he
 
difference
 
be
tween location-b
ase
d
 
and
 
marke
t-base
d
 
volumes
 
of
 
GHG
 
emissions equals
 
to
 
avoided
 
GHG
 
e
missi
ons;
 
in
 
other
 
w
ords,
we 
avoided
 
29
.5 th
ousand tons
 
of 
CO
2
eq 
in 2022
/
23
.
GHG emissions by 
business segments, 
thousand t
CO
2
eq, LINAS
 AGRO 
GROUP, AB
, 
202
1
/2
2 
–
 
202
2
/2
3
 
SCOPE 3: 
Other 
indirect emissions are 
consequences 
of
 the 
activities 
of
 
the 
compan
y, 
but
 
those t
hat occur
 fr
om sour
ces neither 
owned, 
nor
 cont
rolled 
by
 
the 
Group. 
Notable 
increase 
in
 
of
 
SCOPE 
3 
emissions 
in
 
FOOD 
segm
ent 
is
 
attributed 
to
 
addition 
of
 
AB
 
K
auno 
Grūdai
 
food 
business 
(part 
of
 
Grain, 
oilseed,
 
feed previous year) 
and increased volumes 
of
 meat
 source outsi
de t
he Group. We 
acknowledg
e th
e lack 
of
 reliabili
ty 
of
 
fina
l numbers for 
Scope 3 
calculations 
due
 
to
 
a wide range and 
complex
ity 
of
 
data which 
is
 
not directly available. We 
are 
ready 
to
 improve data 
collectio
n process thr
ough supplie
r assessment 
in
 
the
 
futur
e.
 
NATURAL GAS F
OR 
PRODUCTION
CATTL
E 
ENTERIC 
GHG
CH
4
CO
2
34.7%
N
2
0
DIESEL IN 
AGRICULTURE
CO
2
11
.6%
14.4
%
SOIL 
MANAGEMEN
T
18.4
%
MANURE 
MANAGEMENT
CH
4
N
2
0
6.4%
CH
4
POULTRY ENTERIC 
GHG
7.9%
4.7%
FUEL 
REFRIGERANTS
1.9%
HFCS
CO
2
Type of key G
HG gases
Source
% share in Sc
ope 1 not 
adjusted for sequestration
Scope 1
 GHG emissions by source, thousand 
tCO
2
eq, LINAS AGR
O GROUP, A
B, 2022/23
 
% share 
in
 Scope 1 adjusted for 
sequestration
41.
3%
 
13.
6%
17.
1%
2.
9%
 
7.
6%
9.
4%
5.
9%
2.
2%
SCOPE 3 GHG 
EMISSIONS
2022/23
66%
20%
12%
Natural gas
 
Electricity
 
Diesel
 
LPG
 
Petrol
SCOP
E 1 GHG 
EMISSION
S 
2022/2
3 
17%
14%
10%
9%
9%
41%
AB Vilniaus paukštynas
 
AS Putnu fabrika Kekava
Žibartonių ŽŪB
 
AB Kaišiadorių paukštynas
Lukšių ŽŪB
 
Others
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
G
 
H
 
G
 
 
 
E
 
M
 
I
 
S
 
S
 
I
 
O
 
N
 
S
 
:
 
 
 
S
 
C
 
O
 
P
 
E
 
 
 
1
 
,
 
 
 
2
 
 
 
&
 
 
 
3
EMISSION SOURCE
ktCO
2
eq
%
Production
 of inputs
 
339.2
 
61.6%
Transportation of grain 
traded
 
100
 
18.1%
Downstream transportation of 
products
43
 
7.8%
Upstream transportation
 of inputs
 
24.6
 
4.
5%
Transportation of products fo
r 
farmers
25.9
 
4.
7%
Well to tank 
(fossil fuels)
 
13.7
 
2.5%
Other
 
4.6
 
0.
8%
To
tal
 
551
 
100 
%
Scope 3
 GHG emissions by activit
y, 
thousand 
tCO
2
eq, LINAS AGRO 
GROUP
, AB, 
202
2
/2
3
Source
% share in 
Scope 
3
TRANSPORTATIO
N 
OF GRAIN TRADED
18
.1
%
Group 
activity
Grain, oilseeds, feed
Flour produ
cts, feed, 
instant food
GRAIN AND GRAIN 
PRODUCT
S
21
.1%
PRODUCTION
 
OF 
FERTILISERS
Agricultural production
2.
9%
Food
PURCHASED 
RAW MEAT
18
.6
%
Poultry busine
ss
4.
4%
Instant food
COO
KING OIL
5.
4%
Group-wide
UPSTREAM 
& 
DOWNSTREAM 
TRANSPORTATIO
N 
PURCHASED 
FEED
PACKAGING
5%
OTH
ER
7.
5%
17
%
GRI: 3-
3, 305
-1, 305-2
, 305-3
, 305-4, 30
5-5
, 
305
-
6 
10
3

Oversight
 
of
 
0.8%
 
of
 
Lithuania’s
 
ar
abl
e
 
land p
laces
 
upon
 
us
 
a
 
substantial
responsibil
ity. Our
 
m
issi
on 
is 
clear:
 
ad
vocating
 
f
or sustainable
 
farming
 
that
is
 
economically
 
sound
 
while
 
pr
eventi
ng
 
land
 
d
egradation.
 
Simultaneousl
y,
our
 
operations
 
aim
 
to
 
mitigate
 
t
he
 
chall
enges
 
posed
 
by
 
invasive
 
species.
Our
 
strategy
 
integr
ates
 
managing
 
direct
 
e
ffects
 
in
 
agr
icultur
e
 
and
 
poultry
to 
indi
rect effect
s
 
linked 
to
 
pr
omoted
 
far
m
 
equipment.
ANIMAL
 
WELFARE
While animal
 
we
lfare 
is 
not 
explicitly mentioned 
in 
the SD
Gs, 
it 
is 
crucial 
to
recognise
 
that
 
the
 
humane
 
tr
eatment
 
of
 
animals
 
aligns
 
with
 
the
 
broader
ethos
 
of
 
the
 
SD
Gs,
 
which
 
is
 
to
 
cr
eate
 
a
 
more
 
sus
tainable,
 
equitable,
 
and
compassionate
 
world.
While
 
t
heir
 
primary
 
f
ocus
 
is
 
on
 
wild
 
species
 
and
 
habitat
s,
 
the
 
pr
inciples 
of
conserving biodiversity and
 
en
suring t
hat t
he use 
of
 
e
cosystem services 
is
sustainable can i
ndirectly relate 
to 
animal welfare.
We 
 
are 
 
committed 
 
to
 
 
and 
 
respons
ible 
 
f
or 
 
meeting 
 
t
he 
 
animals’
 
physiological
 and etiological needs, from hatching 
to
 slaughtering.
All 
 
our
 
 
companies 
 
e
ngaged 
 
in
  po
ultry 
 
and  cattle 
 
f
arming 
 
business 
 
are 
obliged 
to
 comply with
 national and
 Eur
opean U
nio
n laws an
d 
regulations, 
including 
 
the 
 
world-renowned 
 
animal 
 
welfare 
 
standard, 
 
or
 
 
The 
 
Five 
Freedoms:
•
 
Freedom 
from 
thirst,
 
hunger, 
 
and 
 
m
alnutrition: 
 
all 
birds 
are 
 
pr
ovided 
with  free  access  
to
  water  and  balanced  nutritious  feed  b
ased  
on
 
animal 
needs
 
by
 br
eed, age, and life stage.
•
 
 Freedom from fear and distress 
by
 
ensuring conditions and treatme
nt, 
which 
allow 
to
 
avoid 
mental 
suffering. 
We
 
provide 
animals w
i
th 
gentle 
and 
attentive 
care 
at
 
all 
times: 
while 
growing, 
during 
transportation 
to
 
the slaughterho
use, 
and thr
oughout
 
the
 
slaughter process.
•
 
 Freedom 
 
from 
 
ph
ysical 
and 
 
h
eat-related 
 
stress 
 
and 
 
discomfo
rt.
 
 
We 
provide 
 
a 
 
safe 
 
a
nd 
 
comfortable 
 
living 
 
space 
 
f
or 
 
animals, 
 
pro
tecting 
them 
 
from 
frost, 
 
ra
in, 
draught, 
extreme 
 
temperatures, 
and 
predators. 
They 
are 
 
r
aised 
in
 
 
large, 
 
open
 
 
br
oiler 
 
houses. 
T
he 
 
houses 
 
are 
 
well-
equipped 
w
ith 
mechanical 
systems 
to
 
 
deliver
 
feed 
 
and 
water
 
to
 
the 
animals, 
 
and  have 
 
environme
nt
al 
 
systems 
 
to
  provid
e 
 
a 
 
co
mfortable
 
and 
protective 
environment, 
including 
ventilation systems 
and 
heaters. 
Rest period 
is
 provided,
 
incl
uding the period 
of
 darkness. 
•
 
Freedom 
 
from 
 
pain, 
 
injury, 
 
and 
 
disease. 
 
Our
 
 
team 
 
of
 
 
h
ighl
y 
 
trained 
qualified 
 
professionals 
 
is
 
 
constantly 
 
monitoring 
 
all 
 
b
irds 
 
and 
 
ensure 
humane 
 
treatment 
 
of
 
 
sick 
 
an
imals 
 
and
 
 
slaughter 
 
animals
. 
 
Animal 
health 
surveill
ance, 
disease 
pre
ventio
n, 
and 
cont
rol 
are 
performed 
by
 
certified veterinarians. 
•
 
Freedom 
 
to
 
 
express 
 
normal 
 
be
haviour. 
 
We
 
 
provide 
 
ani
mals 
 
with 
sufficient  s
pace, 
 
dry,  c
lean, 
 
and  so
ft  b
e
dding, 
 
and  com
pan
y 
 
of
 
 
the 
birds’
 own kind.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
Managing
 
directors
 
of
 
farming
 
companies
 
ar
e
 
obliged
 
to
 
ensure
 
the
compliance
 
to
 
animal
 
welfare
 
sta
ndards
 
at
 
all
 
ph
ases
 
of
 
an
i
mal
 
lifecycle.
Compliance as
sessment 
is 
conduct
ed regularly
 
on 
a far
m l
evel.
BIODIVERSITY
Possible
 
biodiversity
 
loss
 
due
 
to
 
conversion
 
of
 
f
orests
 
or
 
oth
er
 
natural
habitats
 
to
 
agr
icultu
ral
 
land
 
for
 
crop
 
cultivatio
n,
 
poul
try,
 
or
 
c
attle
 
farming
can 
be 
regar
ded
 
as 
one of 
adverse effects
 
of our 
activities.
Pest
 
an
d
 
invasive
 
speci
es
 
manag
ement:
 
Embracing
 
IPM
 
(Int
egrated
 
Pest
Management)
 
reduces
 
che
mical
 
dep
endencies.
 
Our
 
product
 
tr
ade,
primarily
 
to
 
local
 
farmers,
 
ali
gns
 
with
 
this
 
ethos,
 
desi
gned
 
to
 
count
er
 
the
introduction
 
and
 
amplify
 
the
 
reduction
 
of
 
invasive
 
alien
 
speci
es.
 
Plant
protection
 
u
sed
 
by
 
our
 
farms
 
range
 
from
 
non
-hazardous
 
to
 
moderately
hazardous.
 
Tot
al
 
consumption
 
volume
 
amounted
 
to
 
91
 
ton
 
or
 
4.7
 
kg
 
per
ha
.
Reforestation
 
&
 
habitat
 
conservat
io
n:
 
We
 
do
 
not
 
f
ace
 
challeng
es
 
dire
ctly.
However,
 
p
rocureme
nt 
of
 
materials, namely soy,
 
might
 
be
 
challenging
. Our
trade
 
policies
 
f
avour
 
sustainably-grown
 
g
rains,
 
advocat
ing
 
against
deforestation
 
and
 
unnecess
ary
 
land-use
 
changes.
 
We
 
strive
 
to
 
mitigate
deforestation
 
risks
 
through
 
tr
ade
 
ag
reements.
 
Additional
 
due
 
dilligence
might 
be 
required foll
owing stricter regulations.
Poultry
 
w
aste
 
management
 
process
 
is
 
str
ictly
 
r
egulated
 
to
 
ensure
 
the
prevention
 
of
 
nat
ural
 
habitat
 
and
 
water
 
source
 
cont
amination.
 
Our
 
no
-
antibiotics policy further protects the soi
l fr
om resis
tant bacteria.
NATURA 
2000
None 
of
 
our 
oper
ational
 
sites border NATURA 
2000 
terr
itories.
FUTURE OUTLOO
K
The
 
Euro
pean 
C
ommissio
n’s
 
Farm
 
to
 
Fork
 
Strat
egy,
 
part
 
of
 
t
he
 
European
Green
 
D
eal,
 
emphasis
es
 
the
 
need
 
for
 
im
proved
 
animal
 
welfare
 
and
proposes revising
 
the existing animal welfare legislation.
USE OF PLANT 
PROTECTION 
PRODUCTS
WE PROMOT
E 
ENVIRONMENT-
POSITIVE 
EQUIPMENT, 
FETILISERS, 
AND PLANT 
CARE 
PRODUCTS
Herbicides
 
Fungicides
 
Insecticides
OVER 
2022/23, WE 
RAISED 
49.8M 
BROILERS
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
L
 
I
 
F
 
E
 
ON 
L
 
A
 
N
 
D
GRI: 2-
24, 3-3, 304
-2,13
.6.2, 13.11.2
10
4

NON-
RENEWABLE 
MATERIALS
2022/23
EFFICIENT 
PRODU
CTION, 
PACK
AGING 
& 
CORRECT 
LABELLING 
REDUCES 
FOOD WASTE
PACK
AGING
2022/23
FRESH POULTRY AND MEAT 
PRODUCTS
Our
 
key
 
responsibility
 
is
 
to
 
deliver
 
to
p
 
quality
 
nutritio
us
 
and
 
safe
prod
ucts
 
to
 
y
our table
.
Packaging
 
is
 
the
 
largest
 
non-fo
od
 
category
 
am
ong
 
our
 
inputs.
Due
 
to
 
t
he
 
sanitary
 
requir
ements
 
for
 
food
 
packaging,
 
only
secondary
 
p
ackaging
 
might
 
co
ntain
 
recy
cled
 
materials
;
 
thus,
 
our
task
 
is
 
to
 
constantly
 
loo
k
 
for
 
oppor
tunities
 
to
 
red
uce
 
pro
duct
packa
gi
ng
 
inten
sity
 
witho
ut
 
compromisin
g
 
foo
d
 
s
afety.
COMPOUN
D
 
FEED
Over
 
t
he
 
r
eporting
 
p
eriod,
 
compoun
d
 
f
eed
 
accounte
d
 
f
or
 
th
e
major
 
part
 
of
 
our
 
production,
 
so
 
al
most
 
40
%
 
of
 
to
tal
 
output
 
was
sold 
in
 
bulk.
AGRICU
LTURE
On
 
average,
 
82
%
 
of
 
total
 
fee
ding
 
m
at
erial
 
was
 
grow
n
 
and
prepare
d
 
indepen
dently
 
by
 
our 
agricult
ural
 
c
ompanies
.
 
More
 
than
hal
f
 
of
 
rema
inin
g
 
fe
edstu
ff
 
was procu
red
 
within
 
the Group.
Consolidate
d
 
agronomic
 
know-h
ow
 
a
nd
 
exposure
 
to
 
the
 
most
innovative
 
s
olutio
ns
 
G
roup
-wide
 
c
ontri
bute
 
to
 
the
 
m
or
e
sustainable
 
mana
geme
nt
 
of
 
crop
 
f
ields
.
 
We
 
are
 
constantly
working
 
to
 
o
ptimise
 
the
 
pro
ductivity
 
of
 
o
ur
 
c
rops
 
to
 
obtai
n
 
better
value
 
f
or
 
th
e
 
s
ociety
 
in
 
th
e
 
f
orm
 
of
 
fo
od
 
and
 
to
 
ke
ep
 
advers
e
effe
cts
 
on
 
the enviro
nmen
t
 
at
 
the lowest
 
possibl
e
 
level.
In
 
absolute
 
v
olume
 
terms
,
 
o
rganic
 
fertilisers
,
 
such
 
as
 
slurry
 
an
d
solid
 
m
anure,
 
account
ed
 
for
 
90
.5%
 
of
 
the
 
t
otal
 
input
 
use
d
 
f
or
crop productio
n
 
in
 
our
 
fields.
GRAIN-
BASED
 
FOOD
Developme
nt
 
of
 
highe
r
 
v
alue
 
a
dded
 
pro
duct
 
lines,
 
s
uch
 
as
 
f
lour
mixes
 
a
nd
 
i
nstant
 
f
ood,
 
implies
 
a
 
gr
owing
 
use
 
of
 
sem
i-
manufacture
d
 
f
ood
 
and
 
additives,
 
such
 
as
 
drie
d
 
fruit
 
a
nd
vegetables,
 
broth,
 
spices,
 
and
 
sugar.
 
In
 
ot
her
 
w
ords,
 
virtually
 
all
ingre
die
nts
 
are plant
 
based
 
and
 
rene
wabl
e.
Dairy
 
and
 
p
oultry
 
prod
uction
 
are
 
c
ircular
 
busin
esses
;
 
virtually
 
all
 
materia
l
 
inputs
 
f
or
 
the
 
busin
ess
 
segment
 
ar
e
 
re
newable.
 
In
 
tur
n,
manure
 
is 
used
 
to 
fertilise
 
crops
 
which
 
are c
onseq
uen
tly
 
used
 
as
 
fee
d
 
for
 
the animals
 
or
 
pro
cessed
 
to
 
grain-b
ased
 
prod
ucts.
42%
22%
17%
1%
Vitamins, premixes, salt
 
Fertilisers
Cleaning agents
 
Packaging
Other
96.7% OF 
RENEWABLE 
MATERIALS
2022/23
95% OF 
RENEWABLE 
MATERIALS
2022/23
99.9% OF 
RENEWABLE 
MATERIALS
2022/23
90.9% OF 
RENEWABLE 
MATERIALS FOR
 
GRAIN GROWING
2022/23
43%
7%
49%
1%
Paper
 
Wood
 
Plastic
 
Metal
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
M
 
A
 
T
 
E
 
R
 
I
 
A
 
L
 
S
GRI: 3-
3, 301
-1
10
5

32%
19%
16%
16%
7%
10%
AB Vi
lniaus p
aukš
tynas
 
AS Pu
tnu fa
brika K
ekava
AB K
aišia
dor
ių pau
kšty
nas
 
AB Kau
no G
rūdai
SIA L
ielzelti
ni
 
Others
SOURCE
GRAIN, OIL SEEDS AND 
FEED
PRODUCTS AND 
SERVICES FOR FARMING
AGRICULTURA
L 
PRODUCTION
FOOD PRODUCTS
 
TOTAL
 
GR
OUP
202
2/23
 
202
1/22
 
2
022
/23
 
2021/22
 
2
022
/23
 
202
1/22
 
2022
/23
 
2021
/22
 
2022/2
3
 
2
021/22
Tap water
 
35.5
 
100
 
3.8
 
2.8
 
1.4
 
1.0
 
121
 
31.5
 
1
61.7
 
135
.8
Water from well
 
0
 
0.1
 
0
 
0
 
200.9
 
18
7.3
 
183
9.5
 
1
784
.1
 
2,040.4
 
19
71.6
Surface wa
ter
 
0
 
0
 
0
 
0
 
9.9
 
10.6
 
0
 
0
 
9.9
 
10.6
TO
TA
L
 
35.
5
 
10
0.
1
 
3.
8
 
2
.
8
 
212
.
2
 
198.
9
 
19
60.
5
 
1,
81
5.6
 
2,
21
2.0
 
2
,
118
.0
Water withdrawal by source, Linas A
gro Group, AB, million litres, 2021
/22 
–
 
202
2
/2
3
NOTE:
Not all rented of
fice
s 
have indiv
idual wa
ste 
meterin
g system.
Water consumption 
for flour, instant food, 
and flou
r mixes 
is
 incl
uded 
in
 food products for 
2022
/
23
 
(for 
2021
/
22
,
 
were inclu
ded 
in
 
oil and fee
d category busine
ss s
egment). 
Water embedded 
in
 processed materials 
was
 
not 
estimated.
EFFLUENT
DISCHA
RGE 
2022/2
3
NOT
E:
Not all rente
d offices ha
ve i
ndividual waste water metering syste
m.
We do not i
nclude evaporation 
from grain dryin
g process.
WATER 
IN 
OUR BUSINESS
Compared 
to
 
FY
 
202
1/22
, 
total 
water
 withdrawal 
over t
he reporting period increased 
by
 4% 
and ac
counted
 for 
2,
212
.0 million l, equ
ivalent 
to
 
2.3 Olympic 
swimming pools 
daily.
According 
to
 the 
OECD, 
both Lithuania and
 Latvia h
ave an 
ab
undant freshwater 
supply
. Wate
r 
is
 
an essential 
daily 
need
 
for 
livestock; 
we
 are
 committed 
to
 
maintaining 
the 
highest 
animal 
welfare standards. 
T
hus, 
no
 
optimisation 
of
 
water 
co
nsumption
 
by
 animals 
is
 
planned.
 
All 
prod
uction 
sites 
operate 
in
 
wat
er-
rich areas; water from 
own wells acc
ounts for 
93
% 
of
 total water withdrawal.
Poultry  business  
is
  th
e  most  w
ater-
intensi
ve  activity  w
ithin  the 
 
Grou
p,  accounting
  for  
86
%  
of
  total  w
ater 
 
w
ithdrawal.  Besides  water
  for  chicken 
consumption, 
we
 use water 
to
 clean poultry houses after each cycle (every 
37
-
42
 days).
 Water intensity can 
be
 decreased 
by
 improving the floor surface 
of
 
poultry houses 
to
 facilitate more efficient cl
eaning. 
In
 
recent years, 
we
 have renewed the 
flooring surfaces 
of
 poultry farms 
in
 Latvia. 
Water 
is
 
also 
used 
f
or 
cooling 
livestock. 
Livestock,
 
especially 
chicken, 
are
 
very 
sen
sitive 
to
 
heat
-related 
str
ess; 
thus, 
wa
ter 
consumption 
f
or 
cooling 
our
 
animals 
is
 estimated 
to
 
increase as a result 
of
 the cli
mate 
change.
MANAGEMENT
 
OF 
EFF
LUENTS
Our
 
activities
 
generate
 
considerable
 
amount
 
of
 
waste
 
water
 
which
 
is
 
a
 
major
 
adver
s
e
 
impact.
 
Poultr
y
 
bu
siness 
is
 
the
 
most
 
water
-intensiv
e
 
segment
 
w
ithin
the Group, account
ing for 
94
.4% 
of 
total
 
w
aste water
. 
In 
Latv
ia, all waste
 
water f
rom operations 
is 
directed 
to 
the sewage
 
network f
or third party treatme
nt.
AB
 
Vilniaus
 
Paukštynas
 
u
se
 
own
 
treatment
 
facilities;
 
w
aste
 
water
 
from
 
smaller
 
poult
ry
 
companies
 
in
 
Lithuania
 
is
 
sprayed
 
on
 
the
 
manur
e
 
and
 
used
 
as
fert
ilis
er
. Following
 
the closure 
of
 
slaughtering and
 
processing units 
in
 
AB 
Kaišiadorių
 
Paukštynas, 
the
 
amou
nt 
of
 
effluents decrased dr
astically
, re
sulting 
in
a decline 
of 
untreated waste water directed 
to
 
the th
ird party treatment facilities
 
in
 
Kai
šiadorys
.
TYPE
GRAIN, OIL SEEDS AND 
FEED
PRODUCTS AND 
SERVICES FOR FARMING
AGRICULTURA
L 
PRODUCTION
FOOD PRODUCTS
 
TOTAL
 
GR
OUP
202
2/23
 
202
1/22
 
2022
/23
 
2021/22
 
2022
/23
 
202
1/22
 
2022
/23
 
202
1/22
 
2022/2
3
 
2
021/22
Untreated directed to third party 
treatment facilities
14.0
 
85.7
 
0.9
 
1.1
 
6.0
 
2.2
 
152
.7
 
436.2
 
17
3.6
 
525.2
Partially treated directed to third 
party treatment facilit
ies
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
0.0
 
384.9
 
316.9
 
384
.9
 
316.9
Completel
y treated 
 
0.0
 
1.0
 
1.2
 
0.2
 
0.1
 
0.0
 
901.0
 
770.9
 
902
.3
 
772.1
TO
TA
L
 
14.
0
 
86
.
7
 
2.1
 
1.
3
 
6.
1
 
2
.2
 
1,
43
8.6
 
1,
52
4.0
 
1,
46
0.8
 
1
,
614
.2
Effluent by type of discha
rge, Linas Agro Group, AB, million lit
res, 2
021
/2
2
 
–
 
2022/
23
WATER 
WITHDRAWAL
2022/23
62%
26%
12%
Completely treated
Partially treated to third party treatment facilities
Untreated to third party treatment facilities
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
WASTE WATER
MANAGEMENT 
IS OUR
 KEY 
RESPONSIBI-
LITY
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
W
 
A
 
T
 
E
 
R
GRI: 2-
25, 3-3, 303
-1, 303
-2
, 
303
-3, 30
3-4, 303-5
, 306-
1
10
6

HAZARDOUS WASTE
Total  volume
 
of
  hazardous  waste  amounted  
to
 
16
6  
tons
  Group-wide, 
which 
 
account
ed 
 
f
or 
 
0.
06
% 
 
of
 
 
total
 
 
w
aste 
 
ge
nerated 
 
an
d 
 
4%
 
 
of
 
 
tot
al 
waste directed
 
to
 dis
posal.
NON-HA
ZARDOUS 
WASTE
Non-hazardous waste mainly consists 
of
 an
imal products 
not
 fit 
for 
huma
n 
consumption, 
construction waste, and packaging.
OTHER RECOVERY 
OP
E
RATIONS
We 
sell 
animal 
 
sub-products 
 
not
 
fit 
 
for 
 
human 
 
consumpti
on 
to
 
 
pet
 
 
food 
and  other 
 
manuf
acture
rs.  This 
 
way
  poultry 
 
processing  has  virtually 
 
no
 
waste, all part
s 
of
 animals are used 
to
 
retriev
e 
calories and nutr
ients.
Other 
 
recovery 
 
operations 
 
also 
 
refer 
 
to
 
 
up
-cycling 
 
an
d 
 
reuse 
 
of
 
 
waste 
generat
ed. 
For example, 
reuse 
of
 packaging.
Non-standard noodles
 
ar
e used for 
pet 
food.
BIOGAS PRODUCTION
In
 Latvia, 
fallen b
irds and 
part 
of
 an
imal 
by
-prod
ucts are
 utilised f
or biogas 
production
 
(third par
ty).
RECYCLING
Whenever
 
possible
,
 
we
 
aim
 
to
 
r
ecycle
 
both
 
administrative
 
and
 
p
roduction
waste. Recycled waste mostly consis
ted 
of 
packaging and electronics.
HAZA
RDOUS OFFSITE
NON
-HAZ
ARDOUS  ONSITE
NON
-HAZ
ARDOUS  OFFSITE
TOTA
L
202
2/2
3
202
1/2
2
202
2/2
3
202
1/2
2
202
2/2
3
202
1/2
2
202
2/2
3
202
1/2
2
DIVERTED FRO
M DISPOSA
L
Manure and sludge
0
0
157
,855
209,5
33
100
,047
39,8
257
,
902
.8
249
,
333
Reuse
0
0
669
1
0
0
669
1,
000
Recycli
ng
1
0
324
.1
143
.8
2,11
4
1,99
6
2,
439
.1
2,
139
.8
Other recovery operations
86
11
0
257
.4
9,03
1.5
7052
9,
117.
6
732
0.4
TOTAL DIVERTED FRO
M DISPOSAL
87
11
158
,848
.3
210
,934
.2
111
,193
.1
48,8
48
270
,
128
.4
259
,
793
.2
DIRECTED TO DISPOSAL
Incineration (with energy r
ecovery)
0
0
0
0
562
.3
602
.67
562
.3
602
.7
Incineration (without energy r
ecovery)
20
66
0
0
0
110
8.48
20.0
1,
174.
5
Landfilling
6
73.8
4
0
0
3,26
8.5
2,05
0
3,
274
.9
2,
123.
8
Other disposal operations
53
16
0
0
5.1
0
57.8
15.7
TOTAL DIRECTED TO DISPOSAL
79
156
0
0
3,83
5.9
3,76
1
3,
915.
1
3,
916.
6
Total  waste
166
167
158
848
.3
210
,
934
.2
115
,029
.6
10,8
13
273
,856
263
,707
WASTE EXCLUDING MANURE
166
167
993
.1
1401
.2
14
,
981.
5
12
,
809.
1
16
,
140
.7
14
,
376
.8
Waste generated 
t, Linas Agro Group, A
B, 
202
1
/2
2 
–
 
202
2
/2
3 
NUTRITION LOOP
Agriculture and f
ood industry form a 
loop 
of
 
nutrients. 
For example, animal 
waste 
 
(manure) 
 
is
 
 
applied 
 
as
 
 
an
 
 
organic 
 
fert
ilis
er 
 
which 
 
in
creases 
 
crop 
yields and 
is
 used as feedstuff
 
f
or the livestock.
90
% 
 
of
 
 
t
otal 
 
w
aste 
 
Group-wide 
 
actually 
 
is
 
 
fer
tiliser 
 
w
hich 
is
 
 
a 
 
valuable
 
nutrition source
. 
Nutrit
ion loop, L
inas 
Agro Group, AB
 
LOCAL FARMS
FEED PRODUCTION
OWN FARMS
FEED
RAW FEED
LIVESTO
CK
WASTE 
GENERATED 
BY SEGMENTS
2022/23
WAS
TE 
DIVERTED
 
FROM 
DISPOS
AL
2022/2
3
WASTE 
DIRECTED
 TO 
DISPOSAL 
2022/23
96%
3%
1%
Fertili
sing 
soil
 
Other r
eco
very op
era
tions
 
Recycl
ing
84%
14%
1%
1%
Landf
illin
g
Incin
erat
ion (wi
th e
nergy
 reco
very)
Othe
r disp
osal o
per
ations
Incin
erat
ion (wi
thou
t ene
rgy re
cove
ry)
89%
6%
0%
Food 
pro
ducts
Grain,
 oil s
eeds
, and 
feed
Agr
icultural
 
produ
ction
Prod
ucts 
and se
rvice
s fo
r farm
ing
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
W
 
A
 
S
 
T
 
E
GRI: 2-
24, 3-3, 301
-2, 301
-3
, 
306
-2
10
7

CAPACITY BUILDING
•
 
Training 
in 
mo
dern
 
far
ming and poultry-keeping
 
practices
•
 
Education
 
on
 
grain
 
and
 
flour
 
quality
 
standards
 
for
 
access
 
to
international markets
•
 
Workshops 
on 
efficient
 
use 
of 
machinery and fertilisers
•
 
Making fer
tilisers
 
an
d quality seeds availabl
e for better crop yi
elds
•
 
Providing quality feed and health
 
pro
ducts for poultry
•
 
Producing and distributing flour 
to
 
ensure availability 
of
 
staple foods
•
 
Reducing
 
d
epen
dencies
 
on
 
imports
 
by
 
empowering
 
local
 
productio
n
throug
h
 
q
uality inputs
•
 
Providing warranties 
or
 
suppor
t s
ervices for machinery
•
 
Offering
 
tailored
 
financial
 
solutions
 
to
 
fa
rmers
 
for
 
purchasing
 
seeds,
machinery, 
or 
fertilisers
PROMOTION OF AFFORDAB
LE FOOD PRODUCTS
•
 
Flour:
 
Flour
 
is
 
a
 
staple
 
in
 
many
 
diets.
 
By
 
producing
 
affordabl
e,
 
quality
flour and related products, compani
es can ensure that
 
ev
en l
ow-income
families can access basic food.
•
 
Dairy:
 
Dair
y
 
produ
cts
 
are
 
primary
 
sources
 
of
 
calci
um
 
and
 
other
essential
 
nu
trients.
 
Ensuring
 
t
hat
 
milk
 
and
 
ot
her
 
dairy
 
pr
oducts
 
ar
e
affor
dable
 
helps combat mal
nutrition, especially
 
among children
.
•
 
Poultry:
 
In
 
many
 
countries,
 
chicken
 
is
 
one
 
of
 
t
he
 
most
 
affordable
sources 
of
 
protein. M
aking 
it
 
accessible 
to
 
all e
conomic classes plays
 
a
role
 
in
 
red
ucing
 
h
unger
 
an
d
 
malnut
rition,
 
w
hich
 
ar
e
 
closely
 
linked
 
to
poverty.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
FOSTERING 
RESILIENT 
COMMUNITIES
50+ LOCAL 
COMMUNITIES 
ARE OUR 
NEIGHBOURS
99% 
EMPLOYEES 
LIVE IN LOCAL 
COMMUNITIES
ECONOMIC INCLUSION
Most 
of
 
our
 s
ites operat
e 
in
 economically stressed 
areas. 
We
 
believe 
that 
geogr
aphic 
diver
sity 
serv
es 
local 
communities
 
and 
helps 
building 
rural resilience:
•
 
Enhanced skills
 and know
ledge
•
 
Creating
 
job
 
opportunities,
 
especially
 
in
 
r
ural
 
areas,
 
can
 
be
 
a
 
direct
way 
to 
combat pover
ty
•
 
Reliable partnerships 
with l
ocal farm
ers
•
 
Availability 
 
of
 
our
  products  within  reasonable  distance  (speci
alised 
retail shops)
•
 
Career
 
opportunities: 
att
racting y
oung professionals 
to
 rural 
areas
•
 
Promoting
 
positive and i
nnovative image 
of
 farming
GIVING BACK TO SOCIETY 
It
 
is
 
our
 
pr
ivilege
 
and d
uty
 
to
 
support
 
social
 
initiatives
 
which align
 
w
ith
 
our
values:
•
 
Local communities
•
 
Projects building resil
ient society
•
 
Farmers’ 
and other agricultural organisations
•
 
Training and educational institutions
•
 
Children and y
outh engagement projects
•
 
The
 
most
 
vulnerable
 
society
 
groups,
 
such
 
as
 
people
 
with
 
limited
physical 
or 
mental
 
capabilities
•
 
Child foster homes, chi
ld medical institutions
•
 
Health promotion and environmental
 
projects
•
 
Unwav
ering
 
support for Ukrainian armed forces
EMPLOYEE WELFARE
The success 
of our 
bus
iness 
is 
our 
employees.
Our
 
stre
ngth
 
is
 
not
 
only
 
technological
 
compet
ence,
 
but
 
also
 
our
 
team
which
 
con
sists
 
of
 
almost
 
5,
000
 
qu
alified
 
and
 
knowledgeable
 
industry
professionals,
 
including
 
enginee
rs,
 
food
 
technologists,
 
poul
try
 
farmers,
laboratory
 
assistants,
 
logistics
 
specialists,
 
highly
 
motivated
 
sales
 
and
marketing
 
profes
sionals
 
who
 
ar
e
 
fl
exible
 
and
 
dedicate
d
 
to
 
the
 
custom
ers’
needs
.
BETT
ER 
FOO
D FOR 
BETTE
R 
FUTURE
INSTANT 
NOODLES AND 
PORRID
GES 
PROVED VERY 
USEFUL IN THE 
WAR ZONE
21.7 THOUS. T
OF INS
TANT 
FOOD
INTRODUCTION
 
SUS
TAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
N
 
O
 
 
 
P
 
O
 
V
 
E
 
R
 
T
 
Y
GRI: 2-
24, 2-25, 3-3
, 413-
1
10
8

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
CERTIFIED SEEDS
Quality
 
seeds
 
ar
e
 
the
 
corner
stone
 
of
 
food
 
industry.
 
We
 
p
roduce
 
an
d
 
sell
certified
 
seeds
 
adapted
 
to
 
local
 
conditions,
 
contributing
 
to
 
genet
ic
diversity and productivity 
of 
crops.
FOOD WASTE PREVENTION VIA PES
T CONT
ROL
AB
 Kauno 
Grūdai
 has 
been
 
offer
ing 
p
est control services and products.
CAREFUL ADVICE AND QUAL
ITY PRODUCTS
We 
 
help 
 
our
 
 
clients 
 
bu
ild 
 
integr
ated 
 
pest 
 
cont
rol 
 
programmes 
 
in
 
compliance  with  B
RC, 
 
ISO,
  and  ot
her  cer
tifications.  Pest 
 
con
trol  
is
  a
 
critical process ensuring the quality 
of
 food materials
, produced and stored 
food.
 
Everyday 
 
we
 
help 
 
our 
 
Group 
companies 
and
 
clients
 
assure 
f
ood
 
safety and quality, and prev
ent 
loss 
of
 materials 
and product
ion.
Providing
 
f
armers
 
w
ith
 
quality
 
fer
tilisers
 
and
 
machinery
 
can
 
i
ncrease
 
crop
yields
, ensuring a more abundant
 
food supply
.
T
he
 
scal
e
 
and
 
know-how
 
of
 
our
 
agricult
ural
 
compa
nies
 
h
el
p
 
us
 
maintain
high productivity.
Our
 
dedicated
 
teams
 
of
 
pr
ofessi
onals look
 
for
 
the
 
right
 
solutions
 
for
 
each
individual farm. We consult and give advice 
to
 
att
ain 
the 
best possible yiel
d
and highest income.
We
 
cooperate
 
w
ith
 
the
 
world’s
 
most
 
famous
 
agrochemica
l
 
companies,
which
 
allows
 
us
 
to
 
share
 
and
 
help
 
implement
 
the
 
best
 
w
orld-class
agricultural practices
.
BIOSECURITY
Biosecurity
 
refers
 
to
 
pr
ocedu
res
 
used
 
to
 
prevent
 
the
 
introduction
 
and
spread
 
of
 
disease-causing
 
organisms
 
in
 
poultry
 
flocks.
 
All
 
people
 
who
come into contact with chicken must follow strict biosecurity standards:
•
 
Keeping visitors 
to
 
t
he minimum
•
 
All visitors must
 
take a shower before entering
 
f
arming spac
es
•
 
All visitors must wear personal protective
 
equipment at all times
•
 
People showing sy
mptom
s 
of
 
contag
ious ill
ness are 
not 
all
owed 
to 
the
chicken barn
•
 
Ensuring sound rodent
 
and pest contr
ol
•
 
Avoiding contact with wild 
or non
-commercial
 
bir
ds
•
 
Contro
lling
 
humidity and ensuring
 
good ventilation
•
 
Making
 
sure
 
all
 
f
acilities ar
e
 
cleaned
 
and
 
maintained
 
to
 
the
 
maximum
standard
MOST AFFORDABL
E NUTRITION SOURCE
Poultry,
 
especiall
y
 
chicken
,
 
has
 
emer
ged
 
as
 
one
 
of
 
the
 
primary
 
sour
ces
 
of
animal protein
 
in 
many
 
par
ts
 
of 
the wor
ld.
•
 
Rapid
 
growth
 
rate:
 
Broiler
 
chickens,
 
which
 
are
 
raised
 
for
 
meat,
 
have
been
 
selectively
 
bre
d
 
to
 
grow
 
quic
kly.
 
Within
 
6
 
to
 
7
 
w
eeks,
 
they
 
can
reach
 
a
 
mar
ketabl
e
 
weight,
 
allowing
 
for
 
quick
 
turnov
ers
 
and
consistent supply.
•
 
Feed
 
ef
ficiency:
 
Chickens
 
convert
 
feed
 
int
o
 
prot
ei
n
 
m
ore
 
ef
ficien
tly
than many other animals. This means they requir
e less feed 
per 
unit 
of
weight they gain, making th
eir production
 
m
ore cost-effective
.
•
 
Space
 
eff
iciency
:
 
Poultry
 
r
equires
 
less
 
space
 
compared
 
to
 
ot
her
livestock,
 
such
 
as
 
cattle
 
or
 
pigs.
 
This
 
space
 
ef
ficiency
 
means
 
more
birds
 
can
 
be
 
r
aised
 
in
 
a
 
smaller
 
ar
ea,
 
leading
 
to
 
higher
 
production
density.
•
 
Short
 
production
 
cycl
e:
 
B
ecause
 
of
 
the
 
rapid
 
growth
 
rate
 
of
 
broilers,
poultry f
armers
 
can
 
have
 
several
 
production
 
cycles
 
in
 
a
 
year,
 
ensuring
a steady income and consistent s
upply for consumers.
•
 
Broad consumer
 
acceptance.
•
 
Versatility
 
in
 
cooking:
 
Chicken
 
is
 
ver
satile
 
and
 
can
 
be
 
pr
epared
 
in
countless ways.
•
 
Health and dietary benefits: Chicken, part
icularly
 
its
 
lean parts, like t
he
breast,
 
is
 
low
 
in
 
f
at
 
and
 
calories
 
compared
 
to
 
some
 
other
 
meats.
 
It
 
is
also a good source 
of 
essential
 
vitamins and minera
ls.
Dairy products are a source 
of 
essential nutrients, like calcium and prot
ein,
contributing 
to
 
improved nu
trition. Grain
 
based
 
products,
 
such
 
as
 
f
lour,
 
ar
e
main staple
 
foo
ds.
SOIL HEALT
H
We
 
h
ave
 
run
 
the
 
agricultural
 
business
 
since
 
1993
.
 
The
 
ar
ea
 
of
 
manag
ed
land
 
li
mits
 
th
e
 
develop
ment
 
of
 
this
 
segment;
 
there
fore,
 
we
 
are
 
bound
 
to
make sure the soil 
is 
managed 
in 
a
 
balanced and sustainable manner.
Since
 
2016,
 
all
 
our
 
f
arms
 
are
 
shifting
 
t
heir
 
f
ocus
 
towar
ds
 
more
sustainable agricultural practices:
•
 
Reducing till
age
•
 
Avoiding soil compaction
 
by 
the re
duced
 
number of
 
treatm
ent
•
 
Introducing cover crops
•
 
Better crop ro
tations
•
 
Organic
 
fer
tilise
r
s:
 
in
 
tot
al,
 
organic
 
f
ertiliser
 
used
 
amounted
 
to
 
90
thousand tons 
per
 
repor
ting
 
period
•
 
Precision farming
•
 
Integrated
 
pest
 
man
agement
 
ensures
 
long-term
 
soil
 
he
alth
 
and
reduces the risk 
of 
crop failure
CALORIES 
PRODUCED 
WITHIN THE 
GROUP
UAB DOTNUV
A 
SEEDS 
PRODUCED 27 
THOUS.
TONES OF 
CERTIFIED 
SEEDS
WE ENSURE 
STEADY 
SUPPLY OF 
LOCALLY 
PRODUCED 
FOOD
INTRODUCTION
 
S
USTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OU
R ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVER
NANCE
 
ANNEXES
Z
 
E
 
R
 
O
 
 
 
H
 
U
 
N
 
G
 
E
 
R
385 
billion
GRI: 2-
24, 2-25, 3-
3,
 
203
-2, 
13.5.1, 13
.10.2
109

NUMBER OF 
EMPLOYEES
NUMBER OF FTEs 
FULL 
TIME 
EMPLOYEES
PERMANENT 
CONTRACT 
EMPLOYEES
TEMPORAR
Y 
CONTRACT 
EMPLOYEES
PART-TIME 
CONTRACT
EMPLOYEES
Female
 
2,41
5
 
2,340.99
 
2,304
 
2,330
 
85
 
111
Male
 
2,541
 
2,476.02
 
2,43
5
 
2,46
1
 
80
 
106
Total
 
4,956
 
4,816.01
 
4,739
 
4,79
1
 
165
 
217
27%
49%
24%
Under
 30
 
30-50
 
50+
727 NEWLY 
HIRED 
FEMALES BY 
AGE
951 NEWLY 
HIRED MALES 
BY AGE
32%
43%
25%
Under 30
 
30-50
 
50+
4,956 
EMPLOYEES 
BY AGE
30 JU
N 2023
Employees 
by type of
 cont
ract and gender, 3
0 Jun 202
3
WORKERS WHO ARE NOT EMPLOYEES
Workers
 
not
 
classified
 
as
 
employees
 
are
 
all
 
line
 
worke
rs.
 
By
 
the
 
close
 
of
the
 
reporting
 
period,
 
we 
en
gaged
 
327
 
con
tract
 
em
pl
oyees, making
 
6%
 
of
our
 
total
 
w
orkforce.
 
These
 
contr
acted
 
w
orkers
 
were
 
all
 
par
t
 
of
 
the
 
poultry
division, accounting
 
for
 
16
%
 
of
 
all
 
w
orkers
 
in
 
that
 
segment.
 
231
 
of
 
these
contractors
 
w
orked
 
at
 
AS
 
Putnu
 
fabr
ika
 
Kekava,
 
comprising
 
20
%
 
of
 
the
total
 
wor
kforce
 
in
 
th
e
 
Latvian
 
p
oultry
 
segment.
 
In
 
contrast,
 
th
e
 
Lithuanian
poultry
 
sector
 
had
 
95
 
non
-employee
 
workers,
 
representing
 
5.2%
 
of
 
the
entire segment workfor
ce.
PARENTAL LEAVE
122
 
f
emales
 
and
 
28
 
males
 
took
 
parent
al
 
leave
 
in
 
2022
/
23
.
 
All
 
heads
 
of
our
 
compani
es
 
are
 
obliged
 
to
 
mak
e
 
sure
 
all
 
people
 
are
 
g
rant
ed
 
the
 
sam
e
or
 
higher
 
position
 
and
 
duties
 
upon
 
the
 
return
 
fr
om
 
parental
 
l
eave.
 
In
 
t
otal,
36
 
female
 
an
d
 
37
 
male
 
em
ployees
 
re
turned
 
from
 
pa
rental
 
l
eave
 
to
 
their
positions 
in 
2022
/
23
.
EMPLOYEE TURNOVER
Employee 
turnover r
ate 
refers 
to
 
the 
total 
number 
of
 
workers 
who 
leave 
a 
company 
 
over 
 
a 
 
cer
tain 
 
time 
 
period, 
 
divided 
 
by
 
 
the 
 
average 
 
number 
 
of
 
employees.
On
 
14
 
March 
2022
, 
the
 
activities 
of
 
the 
slaughteri
ng 
and 
cutting 
shop 
of
 
AB
 
Kaiši
adorių
 
Paukštynas
  were 
 
suspended  
as
  a 
 
result  
of
  ope
rations 
being  tr
ansfe
rred  
to
 
AB
 
 
Vilniaus  
Paukštynas
  slaughtering  and 
 
cut
ting 
shop. 
When
 
comparing
 
th
e
 
r
esults
 
of
 
the
 
FY
 
2021
/
22 
and
 
2022/
23
,
 
it
 
should
be
 
taken
 
into
 
acco
unt
 
that
 
discontinuing
 
of
 
slaughtering
 
activities
 
and
further
 
optimisatio
n
 
of
 
business
 
at
 
AB
 
K
aišiadorių
 
Paukštynas
 
resulted
 
in
a
 
drastic
 
decr
ease
 
in
 
employee
 
number.
 
As
 
a
 
r
esult,
 
employ
ee
 
turnover
rate 
in 
FY
 
2021
/
22
 
spiked 
up 
to 
55
.3%.
EMPLOYEE RETENTION
Long-term 
employ
ees (working 
for over 
12
 months) accounted f
or 
86
.1%. 
In
 ot
her words, 
nine 
out
 
of
 ten people 
work with 
us
 longer than 
one
 
year. 
Naturally, 
 
r
etention 
 
rates 
 
var
y 
 
depending 
 
on
 
 
the 
 
po
siti
on 
 
held 
 
by
 
employe
es 
and 
a 
business 
segment.
 
For 
example, 
managers 
tend 
to
 
stay
 
within 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
longer 
 
t
han 
line 
 
w
orkers. 
 
We 
 
beli
eve 
 
this 
is
 
 
a 
 
healthy
 
tendency which strengthe
ns 
our
 
long-term
 
pr
ospects. 
NEWLY HIRED EMPLOYEES
Over
 
t
he
 
r
epo
rting
 
perio
d,
 
we
 
hired
 
1,
678
 
new
 
people
 
(9.2%
 
increase
compared
 
to
 
2021
/
22
).
 
727
 
or
 
43
.3%
 
of
 
new
 
colleagues
 
were
 
females.
Distribution
 
by 
age w
as similar both
 
among
 
f
emale and mal
e 
new
 
hire
s.
202
2
/2
3
 
202
1
/2
2
Employee turnover rate
 
25.9%
 
55.3%
Employee retention 
rate
 
86.1%
 
90.8 %
INTRODUCTION
 
SUS
TAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
O
 
U
 
R
 
 
 
P
 
E
 
O
 
P
 
L
 
E
13%
48%
39%
Under
 30
 
30-50
 
50+
NOTE: employees
 
number 
does
 
not 
include data of companies
 
not 
included
 
in
 
Sustainability report (
please refer
 
to 
ANNEX 
II
)
 
also 
do not 
elimi
nate
multi-company employ
ee numbers (
some employees 
ar
e employed in s
everal group companies
)
GRI: 2-
7, 2-8, 2-2
4, 3-3, 401
-1, 401
-2, 401-3
, 405-
1  
11
0

SAFE PRODUCT DESIGN
•
 
Selling
 
machinery
 
designed
 
w
ith
 
u
ser
 
saf
ety
 
in
 
mind
 
r
educes
 
t
he
risk 
of 
acci
dents, prom
oting overall
 
community well-being
.
TRAINING AND EDUCATION
•
 
We
 
train
 
our
 
clients
 
an
d
 
staf
f
 
on
 
t
he
 
safe
 
and
 
efficient
 
use
 
of
machinery
 
and
 
fertilise
rs,
 
which
 
ensures
 
that
 
farmers
 
can
 
operate
without health risks
.
•
 
Promoting
 
the
 
use
 
of
 
non
-toxic,
 
env
ironm
entally
 
fr
iendl
y
 
f
ertilisers
and
 
strict
 
compliance
 
with
 
existing
 
r
egulations
 
reduce
 
t
he
 
risk
 
of
water source contamination and related
 
health issues.
•
 
Informing
 
consumers
 
about
 
the
 
impo
rtance
 
of
 
cooking
 
poult
ry
 
to
 
a
safe temperat
ure,
 
avoiding cross-contamination, and
 
pro
per storage.
ANTIBIOTIC STEWARDS
HIP
AS
 
Put
nu
 
Fabrika
 
Kekava
 
is
 
among
 
the
 
leadin
g
 
p
oul
try
 
companies
 
in
Europe,
 
which
 
managed
 
to
 
reach
 
100
%
 
an
tibiotic-free
 
meat
production.
 
The
 
most
 
important
 
thing
 
for
 
us
 
is
 
to
 
ensure
 
ver
y
 
good
conditions
 
for
 
the
 
chickens
 
to
 
gro
w,
 
so
 
that
 
they
 
do
 
not
 
get
 
sick
 
and
there
 
is
 
no
 
need
 
to
 
treat
 
t
hem
 
with
 
antibiotics.
 
As
 
a
 
result,
 
all
 
fr
esh
chicken rais
ed 
in 
Latvia and 
75
% 
of 
chi
cken meat 
in 
Lithuania 
is 
raised
without antibiotics.
Social benefits 
of 
antibiotic-free
 
chicken meat:
•
 
Minimised risk 
of
 
catching ant
ibiotic-resistant bacteria
•
 
Healthier diet without antibiotic expos
ure
•
 
Growing
 
demand
 
for
 
healthier
 
f
ood
 
o
ptions
 
encour
ages
 
us
 
to
improve the quali
ty 
of 
life for 
our 
animals
Environmental benefits
 
of 
antibiotic-fr
ee
 
birds and cattle:
•
 
Preventing
 
the
 
spr
ead
 
of
 
resistant
 
bacteria
 
via
 
manure
 
used
 
as
 
an
organic fer
tiliser
 
in 
local f
arms
Economic benefits 
of 
reduced
 
use 
of 
antibiotics:
•
 
In 
line
 
w
ith 
legal
 
r
equirements, 
we 
cannot sell milk containing
 
traces
of 
antibiotic, all production must 
be
 
utilized.
FOOD SAFETY
It
 
is
 
our
 
prime
 
responsibility
 
to
 
ensure
 
all
 
fo
od
 
safety
 
risks
 
are
managed soundl
y:
•
 
Public
 
health:
 
con
taminated
 
poultry
 
products
 
can
 
lead
 
to
foodborn
e
 
illness
es,
 
such
 
as
 
salmonellosis
 
and
campylobacteriosis
•
 
Effective salmonella prevention
•
 
Helping
 
o
ur
 
consumers
 
mi
nimise
 
food
 
w
aste
 
through
 
p
roduct
preparat
ion
 
p
rocess
 
and ef
fective packaging
•
 
Food
 
safety
 
in
 
the
 
poultry
 
sector
 
is
 
crucial
 
not
 
only
 
fo
r
 
the
 
well-
being
 
of
 
consu
mers,
 
but
 
also
 
for
 
the
 
economic
 
health
 
and
reputat
ion
 
of 
th
e poultry i
ndustry itself
Potential hazards 
in 
food:
•
 
Biological
 
hazar
ds:
 
this
 
includes
 
bacter
ia,
 
like
 
Salmonella,
Campylobacter, and Listeria, as well as viruses and parasites
•
 
Chemical
 
hazards:
 
re
sid
ues
 
f
rom
 
v
eterinary
 
d
rugs,
 
contaminants
from feed, and environmental
 
pollutants
•
 
Physical
 
hazards:
 
foreign
 
objects,
 
like
 
metal
 
fr
agments
 
or
 
bone
shards
Prevent
ion
 
and cont
rol measures:
•
 
Biosecurity:
 
implementing
 
and
 
maintaining
 
str
ict
 
biosec
urity
measures
 
on
 
farms
 
to
 
p
revent
 
the
 
introduction
 
and
 
spread
 
of
pathogens
•
 
Hygienic
 
slaughter
 
and
 
process
ing:
 
ensuring
 
that
 
slaughtering
and
 
processin
g
 
ope
rations
 
meet
 
hygienic
 
standards
 
to
 
minimi
se
contamination
•
 
Proper
 
storage:
 
storing
 
poultry
 
products
 
at
 
recommen
ded
temperat
ures
 
to 
inhibit bacterial growth
•
 
Testing
 
and
 
monito
ring:
 
regular
 
t
esting
 
of
 
poultry
 
for
 
th
e
presence 
of 
pathogens
 
and harmf
ul
 
residues
•
 
Feed
 
contr
ol: en
s
uring
 
the
 
feed
 
g
iven
 
to 
po
ultry 
is
 
of
 
high
 
quality
and free from contaminants
TRACEABILIT
Y
Keeping detailed
 
records 
of 
each
 
bat
ch 
of
 
poultry, including its origin,
feed history,
 
health r
ecords, pr
ocessing details, and
 
distribution chain,
allows for quick responses
 
if
 
a
 
f
ood safety is
sue 
is 
detect
ed.
PRODUCT RECALL
Over 
 
the 
 
reporting 
 
period, 
no
 
 
food 
 
products 
w
ere 
recalled 
 
from 
 
the 
market 
due
 
to
 food 
safety breaches.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
IT IS OUR
 
STRATEGIC 
COMMITM
ENT 
TO OFFER 
HEALTHIER 
FOOD
100% OF OUR 
BIRDS IN L
ATVIA 
AND 75% RAISED 
IN LITHUANIA  
ARE ANTIBIOTIC
-
FREE
WE SELL 
WORLD-CLASS 
MACHINERY AND 
EQUIPMENT. 
OUR
 SERVICES 
OFFER 24/7 
SUPPORT TO 
THE FARMERS
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
G
 
O
 
O
 
D
 
 
 
H
 
E
 
A
 
L
 
T
 
H
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
W
 
E
 
L
 
L
 
-
 
B
 
E
 
I
 
N
 
G
202
2/23
 
202
1/22
Antibiot
ics
 
74,39
3,43
0
 
93,410
,922
Use 
of 
antibio
tics (act
ive ingredient mg), cat
tle
, 
AB
 
L
inas 
Agro Group
GRI: 2-
24, 2-25, 2-2
9, 3-3
, 13.10
.2
11
1

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
HEALTH AND SAFETY POLICY
Occupational
 
Health
 
and
 
Safety
 
(OHS)
 
policies
 
in
 
our
 
subsidiaries
 
ar
e
in
 
line
 
with
 
relevant
 
regulations
 
and
 
is
 
ap
plicable
 
to
 
all
 
employees
 
and
contractors
 
within
 
our
 
organisatio
n.
 
This
 
policy
 
is
 
an
 
essential
component 
of our
 
daily oper
ations.
It
 
is
 
our
 
best
 
interest
 
to
 
establish
 
a
 
culture
 
w
her
e
 
each
 
individual
recognises
 
the
 
importance
 
of
 
adhering
 
to
 
OHS
 
re
quiremen
ts
 
in
 
their
daily
 
tasks.
 
Additionally,
 
we
 
prioritise
 
providing
 
a
 
safe
 
and
 
c
ontinuously
improving work environment
.
Our
 
strateg
y
 
emphasi
ses
 
prevention
 
and
 
ope
n
 
dialogue.
 
Prevention
 
is
primarily
 
about
 
effective
 
risk
 
manageme
nt.
 
The
 
culture
 
of
 
dialogue
encourages
 
active
 
participation
 
from
 
employees,
 
fostering
 
a
collaborative approach 
to
 
safety
 
an
d
 
health.
To 
ensure the t
horo
ugh
 
implementatio
n 
of
 
our Health
 
and Safety
 
policy,
we 
emphasi
se
 
the f
ollowing
 
measure
s:
•
 
Regular safety training sessions
•
 
Provision 
of 
personal
 
protective equipment
•
 
Maintenance 
of 
walking and working surfaces 
to 
prevent slip
s, tr
ips,
and falls
•
 
Display
 
of
 
safety
 
information
 
boards
 
in
 
manu
facturing
 
and
 
service
facilities
•
 
Ensuring proper ventilation 
in 
work areas
•
 
Frequent
 
inspections
 
and
 
improvements
 
of
 
p
otentially
 
hazardous
equipment
•
 
Keeping
 
emergency
 
exits
 
unblocked
 
and
 
easi
ly
 
ac
cessible
 
without
tools
•
 
Proper storage and handling 
of 
c
hemicals
•
 
Clear training directives for the whole staff
•
 
Allocating required
 
resour
ces 
to
 
uphold safe operational
 
conditions
•
 
Ensuring
 
staff
 
possesses
 
the
 
necessary
 
skills
 
for
 
safe
 
task
execution
•
 
Mandatory
 
r
eporting
 
of
 
potential
 
health
 
r
isks
 
or
 
hazardous
situations
•
 
Policies 
in 
place
 
to 
pr
otect
 
employees who r
eport p
otential dangers
from punitive actions
•
 
Allowing employ
ees the disc
retion 
to 
decline
 
perceived risky tasks
•
 
Managers’ 
r
esponsi
bility 
to
 
recog
nise and prepare for potential ris
ks
and emergen
cies
•
 
Expectation
 
for
 
managers
 
to
 
consistently
 
follow
 
an
d
 
enforce
 
safety
protocols
•
 
Regular health assess
ments for employees
•
 
Emphasis 
on
 
pr
eventive measures
 
for all operations
HEALTH HAZARDS
Agriculture ranks among the sector
s with significant hazards, primarily 
due
to
 
the
 
risks
 
associated
 
with
 
v
ehicles
,
 
machinery,
 
a
nd
 
livestock
management.
 
Additional health
 
and
 
safety
 
concerns
 
ar
ise f
ro
m
 
the
 
use
 
of
chemical pesticides, ex
posure 
to
 
v
ibrations, noise, and
 
stress.
In 
the grain hand
ling and process
ing industry, promin
ent risks
 
include fires,
suffocation,
 
high
 
noise
 
exposu
re,
 
engul
fment,
 
entrapmen
t,
 
f
alls,
 
and
amputation
.
For those 
in 
poultr
y handling an
d processing, potential haza
rds encompass
high
 
noise
 
l
evels,
 
hot
 
surfaces,
 
cutt
ing
 
tools,
 
slippery
 
conditions,
 
and
chemicals
. T
here
 
is
 
also the potent
ial
 
risk 
of 
zoonotic
 
infections.
A
 
pr
evalent
 
concern
 
for
 
a
 
majority
 
of
 
our
 
workforce
 
is
 
musculoskeletal
issues,
 
such
 
as
 
b
ack
 
pain
 
and
 
limb
 
injuries,
 
which
 
often
 
stem
 
fr
om
excessive strain and incorrect l
ifting 
or 
movement techniques.
FATAL ACCIDENT AN
D MEASURES TAKEN
On
 
11
 
Ap
ril,
 
at
 
approximately
 
10
:
25
 
PM,
 
an
 
acc
ident
 
occ
urred
 
at
 
AB
Vilniaus
 
P
aukštynas
 
located
 
in
 
Rudaminos.
 
A
 
60
-year-old
 
male
 
employee
fell
 
f
rom
 
the
 
stairs.
 
T
he
 
individual
 
suffered
 
fatal
 
injuries
 
as
 
a
 
r
esult
 
of
 
the
fall.
 
Foren
sic
 
results
 
revealed
 
blood
 
alcohol
 
level
 
of
 
2.
22
‰
.
 
The
 
State
Labour
 
Inspectorate
 
conducted
 
the
 
investigation
 
in
 
accordance
 
to
 
local
legislation.
Following the accident, these 
prevent
ive 
actions w
ere 
taken:
•
 
Employees 
were educated 
on safety meas
ures for 
work at heights.
•
 
Protective helmets 
were issued to waste processing 
staf
f with prope
r 
usage training.
•
 
Equipment adjus
ters’ roles were revised 
for better supervision, 
especially
 during off
-peak 
hours.
•
 
A stationary breathalyser was 
installed at the security post. 
Protocols 
for alcohol checks
 wer
e updated, 
and portable 
breathalysers 
were 
distributed 
t
o depart
ments.
•
 
Additional 
training ses
sions focusing on work 
at height
s 
were 
conducted across departments.
Currently,
 
no
 
ad
ministra
tive
 
f
in
es
 
have
 
been
 
levied,
 
and
 
the
 
criminal
 
case
remains
 
ope
n.
 
T
he
 
State
 
Labour
 
Inspectorate
 
sha
red
 
the
i
r
 
fi
ndings
 
on
 
14
July.
 
The
 
insurance
 
company
 
d
ecide
d
 
ag
ainst
 
a
 
payout
 
due
 
to
 
the
employee’s
 
intoxication.
 
Besides
 
covering
 
fune
ral
 
expenses
,
 
no
 
additional
compensation
 
was provided 
by 
the c
ompany.
202
2
/2
3
 
202
1/22 
Total number o
f inciden
ts
 
39
 
32
Total man h
ours worked per year
 
9,178
,870
 
8,379,3
59
TRIR
 
0.85
 
0.78
TRIR means the total recordable 
incidents per 200,00
0 man hours worked
.
Tota
l hours worked and
 rate of injuries, Linas Agr
o Group, AB, 
2021/
22-2022
/2
3 
RATE 
OF
 INJURIE
S
Unfortunately, injury rat
e rose 
by
 7 
counts 
per
 year,
 
we
 registered 39 work
-
related 
incidents 
over
 
the 
r
eporti
ng 
per
io
d. 
Br
uises, 
slips, and 
lifting 
injuries 
account 
f
or 
majority 
of
 
the 
incid
ents. 
One 
fat
al 
inju
ry 
was 
r
ecorded 
within 
the  Group.  
We
 
 
are  committed  
to
  i
nvest
 
in
 
order
 
to
 
ensur
e
 
fatality-free 
workspace and 
we
 aim 
to
 reduce total recordable injury 
rate 
to
 0.
62
. 
WE AIM TO 
DECREASE 
TRIR TO 0.62 
OR LESS
ONE FATAL 
ACCIDENT IN 
VILNIAUS 
PAUKŠTYNA
S
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
G
 
O
 
O
 
D
 
 
 
H
 
E
 
A
 
L
 
T
 
H
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
W
 
E
 
L
 
L
 
-
 
B
 
E
 
I
 
N
 
G
GRI: 2-
24, 2-25, 2-2
9, 3-3
, 403-
1, 403-2, 40
3-3
, 
403
-4, 40
3-5, 403-
6, 403
-7, 403-9
, 403-
10  
11
2

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
In
 
the
 
context
 
of
 
the
 
Group
 
with
 
5,
000
 
emp
loye
es,
 
a
 
diverse
 
educational
background
 
means
 
a
 
vast
 
ar
ray
 
of
 
skills,
 
experiences,
 
and
 
pe
rspectives.
Inclusive
 
dev
elopm
ent
 
can
 
be
 
harnessed
 
to
 
drive
 
growth,
 
innovatio
n,
 
and
sustainable
 
success.
 
However,
 
it
 
is
 
essential
 
to
 
cre
ate
 
an
 
environment
where
 
every
 
e
mploy
ee
 
feels
 
valued,
 
irrespective
 
of
 
their
 
educational
attainment
.
RECOGNISE AND RESP
ECT
 
DIVERS
ITY
Across
 
the
 
Group
 
companies
,
 
we
 
have
 
v
arious
 
training
 
programmes
 
that
emphasise the importance 
of
 
diversity and the
 
value
 
that
 
each educational
level brings 
to 
the
 
table.
The essence 
of our
 
sustainability programme
 
,
is
 
roo
ted
 
in
 
the
 
belief
 
that
 
eve
ry
 
t
eam
 
member,
 
irrespe
ctive
 
of
 
their
background,
 
plays
 
a
 
vital
 
role
 
in
 
shaping
 
the
 
future
 
of
 
our
 
or
ganisatio
n.
Through
 
this
 
initiative,
 
we
 
are
 
reaching
 
out
 
to
 
each
 
member 
of
 
our v
ibrant
team, ensuring that they are seen, heard, and valued.
At
 
the
 
hear
t
 
of
 
FOUR
 
HEARTS
 
is
 
the
 
commitment
 
to
 
uplift
 
and
 
celebr
ate
team
 
diversity.
 
We
 
f
irmly
 
believe
 
t
hat
 
d
ifferent
 
educational
 
experiences
enrich
 
our
 
collective
 
intelligence,
 
spark
 
innovative
 
solutio
ns,
 
and
 
foster
 
a
vibrant organisational cul
ture.
Rather
 
t
han
 
v
iewing
 
educational
 
qualifications
 
as
 
a
 
ladder,
 
we
 
envision
them
 
as
 
a
 
mosaic,
 
where
 
each
 
piece,
 
whether
 
gr
aduat
e
 
edu
cat
ion,
 
h
igher
education,
 
or
 
secondary
 
educat
ion,
 
adds
 
to
 
the
 
bigger
 
picture.
 
This
inclusive
 
mindset
 
ensur
es
 
a
 
collaborative
 
environm
ent
 
whe
re
 
ever
y
 
v
oice
matters and every perspective 
is 
recognised.
With
 
FOUR
 
HEARTS,
 
we
 
are
 
not
 
just
 
pr
omoti
ng
 
sustai
nabil
ity
 
in
 
an
environmental
 
sense,
 
but
 
are
 
also
 
ensuring
 
that
 
the
 
very
 
core
 
of
 
our
organisational structure 
is 
sustainable, incl
usive, and forw
ard-t
hinki
ng.
CONTINUOUS LEARNING AND DEVE
LOPMENT
At 
the core 
of 
our 
organisatio
nal strategy 
is 
the 
commitment 
to 
continuous
growth
 
and
 
development
 
of
 
our
 
team
 
members.
 
We
 
o
ffer
 
training
programme
s
 
to 
equip 
our
 
team with necessary tools and
 
know
ledge.
We
 
p
rioritise
 
long-term
 
p
artnershi
ps
 
and
 
invest
 
in
 
the
 
develo
pment
 
of
 
our
employees.
 
This
 
ap
proach
 
strengthens
 
our
 
or
ganisational
 
capabilities
 
and
supports 
our
 
industr
y l
eadership
.
ALL 
EMPLOYEES 
ARE GRANTED 
SAME RIGHTS
FOCUS ON 
INCLUSIVE 
DEVELOPMENT
22%
19%
49%
10%
Univ
ersity
 
gr
aduate
s
 
Coll
ege 
and
 Pro
fession
al
Secon
dary
 
Prim
ary edu
cati
on
EMPLOYEES 
BY 
EDUCATION 
LEVEL
Total
 
t
raining
 
b
udget
 
amounted
 
to
 
EUR
271
k.
 
Given
 
the
 
var
ied
 
sizes,
structures,
 
and
 
business
 
lines
 
of
 
our
 
companies,
 
training
 
intensity
 
diff
ers
significantly.
AB
 
Vilniaus
 
Paukštynas
 
leads
 
in
 
training,
 
w
ith
 
ave
raging
 
total
 
(including
onboarding
 
and
 
security
 
t
raining)
 
annual
 
traini
ng
 
hours
 
for
 
fe
males
 
at
 
87
and
 
for
 
males
 
at
 
64
.
 
A
 
distinct
 
emphasis
 
w
as
 
g
iven
 
to
 
line
 
workers,
averag
ing at 
132 
hour
s
 
per 
employee.
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT
The
 
regularity
 
and
 
way
 
of
 
getting
 
fee
dback
 
f
rom
 
our
 
employees
 
varies
among
 
the
 
companies. We w
ork 
on 
further integration 
of
 
inte
rnal p
rocess
es
within
 
the
 
Gr
oup
 
to
 
achieve
 
a
 
u
nified
 
way.
 
Over
 
the r
epor
ting
 
per
iod,
 
1,
285
employees
 
(
26
%
 
of
 
all
 
people
 
employed
 
by
 
the
 
Group)
 
received
 
formal
performance
 
reviews.
 
A
mong
 
females,
 
the
 
percentage
 
reached
 
almost
28
%, compar
ed
 
to 
25
% among male employees.
Forma
l
 
performan
ce
 
reviews 
by 
p
ositions, 
2022
/
23
INCLUSIVE DEVE
LOPMENT
Inclusive
 
dev
elopment
 
r
efers
 
to
 
economic
 
grow
th
 
and
 
dev
elopment
strategies
 
which
 
ensure
 
t
hat
 
t
he
 
benefits
 
of
 
increase
d
 
pr
osp
erity
 
are
distributed
 
broadly
 
across
 
all
 
segments
 
of
 
society.
 
The
 
primary
 
objective
 
is
to
 
create
 
opportunities
 
for
 
all
 
and
 
ensure
 
th
at
 
ever
y
 
individual
 
has
 
the
means
 
to
 
realise
 
th
ei
r
 
potential,
 
irrespective
 
of
 
their
 
background,
 
gender,
economic status, ethnicity, 
or 
other personal characteristics.
SUPPLY CHAIN
•
 
Developing
 
and
 
maintaini
ng
 
supply
 
chains
 
that
 
are
 
inclusive,
 
giving
business
 
opportunities
 
to
 
marginalised
 
groups,
 
and
 
ensuring
 
t
hey
receive fair compensation
•
 
Ensuring
 
f
armers receive a
 
fair
 
pr
ice for
 
the
ir pr
oduce, especially small-
scale and marginalised farmers
Challenges upstream s
upply chain:
We
 
hav
e
 
numerous
 
suppliers,
 
and
 
there
 
is
 
potential
 
for
 
risks
 
r
elated
 
to
 
the
unfair
 
tr
eatment
 
of
 
vulnerabl
e
 
societal
 
g
roups
 
in
 
some
 
pr
oduct
 
supply
chains.
TOP MANAG
EMENT
 
MANA
GEMENT
 
SPECI
ALISTS
 
LINE WORKERS
31
 
212
 
877
 
165
INTRODUCTION
 
SUS
TAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
E
 
Q
 
U
 
A
 
L
 
I
 
T
 
Y
GRI: 2-
23; 2-2
4, 2-29, 3-3
, 404-
1, 404
-2, 404-3
, 
11
3

A
 
major
ity 
 
of
 
 
our
 
operations
 
are
 
based
 
in
 
economically
 
str
essed
 
area
s.
Improved
 
resilie
nce
 
and
 
economic
 
capacity
 
of
 
local
 
communities
 
is
 
our
strategic
 
commitment.
 
By
 
taking
 
into
 
account
 
ur
ban-centri
c
 
challenges
and
 
opportunities
 
we
 
can
 
significantly
 
impact
 
the
 
development
 
of
sustainable cities
 
and communities, as well as life quality 
in 
gener
al.
SANITARY ZO
NE DABATE 
IN 
RUDAMINA
AB
 
Kaišiadorių
 
Paukštynas
 
and
 
AB
 
Vilni
aus
 
Paukštynas
 
hav
e
 
sanitary
protection
 
zones
 
(SAZ)
 
set
 
at
 
1,
000
 
meters,
 
in
 
li
ne
 
with
 
local
 
regulation.
The
 
SAZ
 
for
 
Kaišiadorių
 
Paukštynas
 
has
 
been
 
determined,
 
approved,
 
and
registered after
 
under
going
 
necessary as
sessments.
For
 
AB
 
Vilni
aus
 
Paukštynas,
 
the
 
b
oundary
 
was
 
set
 
according
 
to
 
th
e
general
 
plan
 
for
 
a
 
section
 
of
 
the
 
Vilnius
 
distr
ict
 
municipal
ity.
 
Howeve
r,
there
 
are
 
legal
 
challenges.
 
Actual
 
complaints
 
and
 
disputes
 
hav
e
 
persisted
since
 
the
 
ons
et
 
of
 
the
 
SAZ
 
approval
 
process,
 
with
 
no
 
definitive
 
resolution
at t
he time 
of 
the report's publi
cation.
CLIMAT
E-POSITIVE
 
INNOVATIO
NS
Promoting
 
org
ani
c
 
and
 
eco-f
riendly fertilisers
 
which
 
can
 
be
 
used
 
safely
 
in
urban garden
s.
ODOUR M
ANAGEMENT
Advancing
 
techniques
 
that
 
allow
 
for
 
sustainable
 
poultr
y
 
farming
 
in
 
urban
or 
peri-ur
ban
 
areas with minimal 
odour
.
POLLUTION
Integrated
 
Pollution
 
Prevention
 
and
 
Control
 
(IPPC)
 
is
 
a
 
regulatory
 
sys
tem
that
 
em
ploys an integr
ated
 
approach 
to 
cont
rol t
he env
ironm
ental impacts
of
 
cer
tain
 
industrial
 
activities.
 
It
 
requ
ires
 
industrial
 
and
 
agricultural
operations
 
to
 
employ
 
t
he
 
best
 
available
 
techniques
 
(BAT)
 
to
 
minimise
 
t
he
emissions 
of
 
pollutant
s.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIR
ONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
S
 
U
 
S
 
T
 
A
 
I
 
N
 
A
 
B
 
L
 
E
 
 
C
 
I
 
T
 
I
 
E
 
S
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
C
 
O
 
M
 
M
 
U
 
N
 
I
 
T
 
I
 
E
 
S
All
 
our
 
production
 
sites
 
operate
 
under
 
the
 
Integrated
 
Polluti
on
 
Prevention
and
 
C
ontrol
 
(IPPC)
 
permit,
 
ensuring
 
th
at
 
t
he
 
operation
s
 
adhere
 
to
environmental
 
standards
 
and
 
regulations
 
to
 
minimis
e
 
t
heir
 
i
mpact
 
on
 
the
environm
ent
 
and
 
human
 
health.
 
This
 
f
ramework
 
mandates
 
r
egular
monitoring and evaluations
 
to 
ensure c
ompliance:
1. Emissions 
to
 
air
:
 
T
his includes m
inimisi
ng t
he r
elease 
of
 
a
mmonia,
 
dust,
odours, and other poll
utants.
2.
 
Waste
 
manag
ement:
 
The
 
IPPC
 
principles
 
emphasise
 
proper
 
collection,
storage,
 
treatment,
 
and
 
utilisation
 
of
 
manure
 
to
 
p
revent
 
the
 
contamination
of 
surface and
 
gr
oundwater.
3.
 
Water
 
consumption
 
and
 
pollution:
 
T
he
 
principles
 
stress
 
ef
ficient
 
wat
er
use,
 
treatment
 
of
 
wastewat
er,
 
and
 
prevention
 
of
 
r
unoff
 
that
 
could
 
car
ry
pollutants i
nto water bodies.
4. Noise and
 
energy: While 
not
 
u
niq
ue 
to 
p
oultry operations, the IPPC also
covers noise and
 
energy efficiency consi
derations.
5.
 
Chemicals:
 
Use
 
of
 
chemicals,
 
such
 
as
 
disinfectants
 
and
 
veterinary
medicine,
 
should
 
be
 
managed
 
properly
 
to
 
preve
nt
 
environme
ntal
contamination.
6.
 
Use
 
of
 
Be
st
 
Available
 
Techniques
 
(BAT)
:
 
The
 
idea
 
behind
 
BAT
 
is
 
to
promote
 
t
echnologi
es
 
and
 
pr
actices
 
that
 
are
 
both
 
e
conomic
ally
 
and
technically viabl
e and that cause the leas
t pollution.
7. Monito
ring
 
and
 
reporting: Businesses oper
ating under
 
IPP
C r
egulations
are
 
required
 
to
 
monitor
 
certain
 
emiss
ions,
 
track
 
t
heir
 
waste
 
and
 
r
esou
rce
use,
 
and
 
r
eport
 
the
se
 
figures
 
to
 
the
 
regulatory
 
authorities.
 
These
 
reports
are public and readily availabl
e 
on 
the websites
 
of 
our 
companies.
8.
 
Accident
 
management:
 
Busines
ses
 
must
 
have
 
plans
 
in
 
place
 
to
 
deal
with unexpected events.
PARTNERS OF 
BC ŽALGIRIS 
SINCE 2021
SUPPORTERS 
OF LATVIAN
 
NATION
AL 
BASK
ETBALL 
TEAM SIN
CE 
2018
ALL OUR
 
PRODUCTION 
SITES ARE 
LOCATED IN 
URBAN OR 
PRE-UR
BAN 
AREAS 
SOURCE
 
TOTAL
CO
115
.9
Particulate matter 
334
.3
NH3
676
.7
Nox
106
.28
Volatile organic compoun
ds
202
.8
Air po
llutio
n
, 
tons, 202
2/2
3
GRI: 2-6
, 2-24, 2-25, 2-29, 3-3
, 305-
7,
11
4

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
TRANSPARENCY 
IN 
FOOD
 
INDUSTRY
When
 
we
 
discuss
 
t
ransparency
 
in
 
th
is
 
context,
 
we
 
ref
er
 
to
 
an
 
in
-
depth
understan
ding and
 
disclos
ure
 
of
 
each step
 
involved 
in
 
the
 
food
 
production
and
 
distribution
 
process
 
–
 
from
 
farm
 
to
 
for
k.
 
This
 
transparency
 
ensures
that
 
consumers
 
ar
e
 
well-informed
 
about
 
the
 
products
 
they
 
p
urchase
 
and
consume,
 
and
 
it
 
p
rovides
 
businesses
 
with
 
a
 
m
echanism
 
to
 
ensur
e
 
ethical
and sustainable
 
practices.
Here are some key requirements for supply chain transparency 
in 
the f
ood
industry:
•
 
Traceability: T
his inv
olves
 
tracking
 
f
ood
 
products
 
a
nd
 
their
 
ingredients
at
 
ever
y stag
e
 
of
 
the
 
supply chain.
 
It
 
is
 
t
he
 
ability
 
to
 
identify
 
the
 
origin
of
 
a
 
foo
d
 
p
roduct
 
an
d
 
tr
ace
 
its
 
journey
 
through
 
the
 
various
 
stages
 
of
production, processing,
 
and distribution
.
•
 
Full
 
disc
losure:
 
We
 
prov
ide
 
com
plete
 
inf
ormati
on
 
about
 
ingredi
ents,
their
 
sources,
 
and
 
any
 
processing
 
they
 
have
 
undergone.
 
Th
is
disclos
ure
 
is
 
oft
en
 
mandated
 
by
 
reg
ulatory bodies
 
and
 
is
 
essential
 
for
managing
 
food
 
allergies,
 
religious
 
dietar
y
 
r
estrictions,
 
and
 
specific
dietary choices (l
ike vegan
ism).
•
 
Auditing
 
and
 
verification:
 
Regular
 
third-party
 
audits
 
and
 
v
erifications
can
 
provide
 
an
 
objective
 
assessme
nt
 
of
 
a
 
company’s
 
claims
 
regar
di
ng
its supply
 
chain.
 
This
 
could involve
 
ensuring
 
ethical pr
actices, ver
ifying
organic claims, 
or 
checking adherence 
to
 
oth
er standards.
•
 
Sustainability
 
information:
 
Co
nsumers
 
are
 
increasingly
 
concerned
about
 
the
 
enviro
nmental
 
footp
rint
 
of
 
their
 
food.
 
This
 
includ
es
 
details
about
 
water
 
usage,
 
carbon
 
footprint,
 
packaging,
 
and
 
waste
management
.
•
 
Ethical
 
pr
actices:
 
This
 
entails
 
information
 
about
 
labour
 
pr
actic
es,
 
fair
wages,
 
working
 
conditions,
 
and
 
any
 
other
 
h
uman
 
rights-related
aspects
 
of
 
the
 
su
pply
 
chain.
 
Ensuring
 
that
 
th
ere
 
is
 
no
 
child
 
labou
r
 
or
forced labour at any stage 
is 
a
 
critical aspect 
of 
this.
•
 
Regulatory
 
compliance:
 
D
ifferent
 
countr
ies
 
and
 
regions
 
have
 
various
regulations
 
in
 
place
 
to
 
ensure
 
food
 
saf
ety
 
and
 
quality.
 
Compan
i
es
must
 
adhere
 
to
 
t
hese
 
r
egulations
 
and,
 
in
 
many
 
cases,
 
demonstrate
their compliance through documentation
 
and cer
tifications.
•
 
Collaboration
 
with
 
stakeholde
rs:
 
Engaging
 
with
 
f
armers,
 
supplie
rs,
distributors, and other stakeholders ensu
res that all parties are aligned
in 
their commitme
nt
 
to 
tr
ansparency and
 
be
st practices.
95%
5%
Lithua
nia
 
Latvia
 
Est
onia
TAXES PAID IN 
PROFIT-
GENERATING 
COUNTRIES
TRANSPARENCY 
AND TIMELY 
REPORTING
WE COMMIT TO 
THE HIGHEST 
LEVEL
 OF 
COMPLIANCE
•
 
Consumer
 
engagement:
 
Keepin
g
 
consumers
 
informed
 
and
 
providing
them
 
with
 
e
asy
 
access
 
to
 
inform
ation
 
about
 
prod
ucts,
 
such
 
as
websites, 
or 
packaging details, 
is 
key.
•
 
Continuous
 
improvem
ent:
 
Transpa
rency
 
is
 
not
 
a
 
one
-time
achievement
 
but
 
an
 
ongoing
 
pr
ocess.
 
The
 
food
 
industry
 
shou
ld
 
be
committed
 
to
 
continuous
 
improvement,
 
r
egular
 
reviews,
 
and
 
ad
apting
to 
new 
i
nform
ation
 
or 
technologies.
SOYBEAN PROCUREMENT CHAL
LENGES
Supply chain transparency:
•
 
Tracing
 
the
 
origin:
 
Determining
 
the
 
exact
 
origin
 
of
 
soybeans
 
can
 
be
challenging 
due
 
to 
the complex supply c
hains.
•
 
Deforestation
 
risk:
 
Soy
 
pr
oduction
 
is
 
a
 
major
 
driver
 
of
 
deforestation,
especially
 
in
 
ar
eas
 
like
 
the
 
Am
azon.
 
Ensur
ing
 
the
 
p
rocuremen
t
 
of
defore
station-free
 
soy requires 
in
-depth supply chain verification.
•
 
Multiple
 
intermediaries: Numerous middlemen
 
can
 
make
 
t
ransparency
harder 
to 
achieve and
 
maintain.
•
 
Labour
 
r
ights:
 
T
he
 
soy
 
pr
oduction
 
sector,
 
particula
rly
 
in
 
certain
regions, can 
be 
prone
 
to 
labour rights violations.
Responsible
 
pr
oduction:
•
 
Environmental
 
concerns:
 
Soy
 
production
 
can
 
lead
 
to
 
ext
ensive
pesticide
 
and
 
herbici
de
 
use,
 
soil
 
degradat
ion,
 
and
 
loss
 
of
 
natur
al
habitats.
•
 
GMO debate
: The use 
of 
genetically modified organisms (GMO) 
in
 
soy
production
 
can
 
lead
 
to
 
public concer
ns and
 
require
 
clear
 
labelling and
communication strategies.
Local community support:
•
 
Land
 
d
isputes:
 
Large-
scale
 
soy
 
cultivation
 
can
 
lead
 
to
 
land
 
disputes
with local communities 
or
 
indigenous populations.
•
 
Economic
 
reliance:
 
Areas
 
heavily
 
reliant
 
on
 
soy
 
production
 
can
 
face
economic chall
enges
 
in
 
the event 
of 
market fluctuations.
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
T
 
R
 
A
 
N
 
S
 
P
 
A
 
R
 
E
 
N
 
C
 
Y
 
 
 
F
 
O
 
R
 
 
 
S
 
T
 
R
 
O
 
N
 
G
 
E
 
R
 
 
 
W
 
O
 
R
 
L
 
D
GRI: 2-
24, 2-25, 2-2
9, 3-3
, 203-
2, 207-4
11
5

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
Our
 
commitment
 
extends
 
beyond
 
mere
 
participation.
 
We
 
actively
 
drive
global
 
part
nershi
ps,
 
disseminate
 
knowledge,
 
and
 
pursue
 
collaborative
ventures,
 
thus
 
significantly
 
contributing
 
to
 
the
 
broader
 
sustainable
development objectives
 
and SDG 
17
.
KNOWLEDGE SHARING
We en
gage w
ith international agr
icult
ural institutions, seeking 
to 
intr
oduce
best
 
practices,
 
innovative
 
technologies,
 
and
 
sustaina
ble
 
agricultural
methods.
Our
 
str
ategic
 
alliances
 
with
 
academic
 
institut
ions
 
and
 
research
 
ent
ities
emphasise
 
the
 
enhanceme
nt
 
of
 
agr
icultural
 
research,
 
aiming
 
for
sustainable elevation 
in 
crop yiel
ds.
UAB
 
Dotnuva
 
Baltic’s
 
cooperation
 
w
ith
 
t
he
 
Academy
 
of
 
Ag
riculture
 
of
VDU
 
spans
 
ov
er
 
two
 
decades.
 
Such
 
a
 
r
obust
 
alliance
 
u
nderscores
 
t
he
essence
 
of
 
t
raining
 
top-tier
 
professio
nals
 
in
 
th
e
 
agricultural
 
sector
 
to
harness
 
emerging
 
technol
ogies.
 
This
 
not
 
onl
y
 
augments
 
labo
ur
 
efficiency,
but 
also ampl
ifies the national
 
economic value.
AB
 
Linas Ag
ro,
 
U
AB
 
Dot
nuva
 
Baltic,
 
and
 
AB
 
K
auno
 
grūd
ai
 
ar
e
 
esteemed
collaborators
 
with
 
VMU
 
Agr
iculture
 
Academy
.
 
Our
 
synergy
 
with
 
the
Science
 
and
 
Innovation
 
Developmen
t
 
Fund,
 
in
 
t
andem
 
with
 
the
 
VMU
Agriculture A
cademy and other
 
industry stalwarts,
 
stan
ds testament
 
to
 
our
commitment.
SUPP
LY CHAIN COLLAB
ORATIONS
Our
 
vast
 
network
 
spans
 
over
 
international
 
stakeholders
 
across
 
different
sectors.
 
Such
 
global
 
partnerships
 
amplify
 
our
 
capacity
 
to
 
uphold
sustainabili
ty
 
and
 
adhere
 
to
 
ethical
 
t
enets
 
throughout
 
the
 
supply
 
chain,
from feed generation 
to
 
poultr
y operations
.
ACTIVE MEMBE
RSHIPS
•
 
Association of Business
 Effectivity (Latvia)
•
 
Estonian Seed Associ
ation
•
 
Grain and F
eed Trade Ass
ociation (
GAFTA)
•
 
Klaipėda 
Chamber 
of Commer
ce, 
Indu
stry and Crafts
•
 
Latvian Association for Personnel 
Manage
ment
•
 
Latvian Chambe
r 
o
f Commerce 
and Industry
•
 
Latvian Egg and Poultry Producer
s 
Association
•
 
Latvian Federation 
of Food Companies
•
 
Latvian Seed Producer
s 
Association
•
 
Lithuanian Agrochemical 
Products and F
ertilisers’ Industry and 
Trade Associati
on
•
 
Lithuanian Associ
ation of Agricultural 
Companies
•
 
Lithuanian Associ
ation of Pl
anters and Ornamental Plant 
Growers
•
 
Lithuanian Poultry Breeders 
Associ
ation
•
 
Lithuanian Associ
ation of S
hipping Agents and F
orwar
ders
•
 
Lithuanian Cattle Breeder
s 
Association
•
 
Lithuanian As
sociation 
of G
rain Processors
•
 
Lithuanian Plant Protection As
sociation
•
 
Lithuanian Seed Producers 
Association
•
 
Panevėžys 
Chamber 
of Commer
ce, 
Indu
stry and Crafts
•
 
Several associations 
for users of drainage sy
stems
•
 
Estonian Chamber of 
Agriculture and Commerce
•
 
Lithuanian Marketing Ass
ociation
•
 
Lithuanian Agricultural 
Machinery Association
•
Latvian Association of Agricultural 
Machinery Manufacturer
s 
and 
Dealers
TRANSPARENT ENGAGEMENTS
Open
 
conversations
 
with
 
varied
 
stakeholde
rs
 
–
 
from
 
government
 
bodies
and
 
civil
 
society
 
to
 
the
 
pr
ivate
 
sector
 
–
 
are
 
pivotal.
 
Such
 
inter
actions
cultivate mutual compreh
ension
 
and foster a
 
spirit 
of 
collaboration.
FOR LOCAL PARTNERS
More
 
than
 
a
 
thousan
d farmers
 
g
athered 
in
 
Kėdainiai 
d
istrict f
or
 
the
 
“
Grain
Path
 
2023
:
 
Innov
ations
 
in
 
Practice”
 
event.
 
O
rganised
 
by
 
Li
nas
 
Ag
ro
 
and
Dotnuva
 
Baltic
 
Lithuania,
 
the
 
event
 
showcase
d
 
t
he
 
latest
 
in
 
agricultural
technology,
 
r
anging
 
fro
m
 
n
ew
 
gr
ain
 
v
arieties
 
to
 
innovat
ive
 
equipment.
Emphasis
 
w
as
 
placed
 
on
 
t
he
 
increasing
 
use
 
of
 
smart
 
technologies
 
in
farming,
 
with
 
nearly
 
70
%
 
of
 
f
armers
 
now
 
using
 
tr
actors
 
with
 
aut
omatic
steering.
 
Linas
 
Agro
 
highlighted the
 
effectiveness 
of
 
their
 
pla
nt
 
protection
products
 
in
 
unpr
edictable
 
w
eather
 
conditions.
 
Th
e
 
L
abūnava
 
Ag
ricultural
Company
 
emp
hasised
 
t
heir
 
shift
 
t
owards
 
increased
 
robotisation
 
an
d
modernisatio
n.
 
Additionall
y,
 
t
he
 
event
 
raised
 
EU
R4.5
 
thousand
 
f
or
 
charity
on 
its first day
.
COOPERATION
 
WITH
 
PROFESS
IONAL
 
TRAINING
CENTRES
Our
 
Gr
oup
 
co
mpanies
 
develop
 
social
 
partne
rshi
ps
 
w
ith
 
prof
essio
nal
training
 
centres
 
in
 
Lithuania
 
and
 
Latvia.
 
For
 
instance,
 
on
 
20
 
October
2022
,
 
t
hird-year
 
student
s
 
of
 
the
 
Engineering,
 
Mechanics,
 
and
 
M
achine
Building
 
study
 
pr
ogramme
 
w
ent
 
on
 
a
 
f
ield
 
trip
 
to
 
the
 
compan
y
 
Putnu
fabrika
 
Ķekava
.
 
C
ompa
ny
 
representatives
 
introduced
 
t
he
 
visitors
 
to
 
the
production
 
processes,
 
safety
 
requ
i
rements,
 
and
 
mechan
ic
al
 
equipment
(both n
ew, modern equipm
ent,
 
as well as time-
teste
d equipment, even t
hat
designed 
by 
the
 
company’s 
own en
gineers)
 
used 
in 
m
eat processi
ng.
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
P
 
A
 
R
 
T
 
N
 
E
 
R
 
S
 
H
 
I
 
P
 
S
Working
 
wit
h
 
prominent
 
plant
protection
 
produc
t
 
makers,
machinery
 
stakeholde
rs,
 
and
agrarian
 
solutio
n
 
par
tners
necessitates
 
our
 
adherence
 
to
both
 
g
lobal
 
and
 
sector
-speci
fic
norms.
GRI: 2-
6, 2-24
, 
2-2
5, 2-28
, 2-29
, 3-3, 203
-
2 
11
6

•
 
Occupational Safety and Health Policy
•
 
Remuner
ation
 
Policy
•
 
Non-Discrimination 
Policy
•
 
Human Rights, Child and Forced Labour Polic
y
•
 
Anti-Br
ibery 
and
 Anti-Corr
uption Policy
•
 
Animal Welfare Poli
cy
•
 
Environment
al 
Pr
otection Polic
y
•
 
Personal Data Protection Policy
•
 
Code 
of
 Business E
thics
•
 
Partner
 Code 
of
 Ethics
•
 
Privacy Policy
•
 
Procurem
ent 
Policy
•
 
Dividend Policy
Across
 
the
 
Group,
 
there
 
are
 
more
 
t
han
 
70
 
polici
es
 
and
 
f
ormali
sed
procedures.
 
As
 
we
 
continually
 
integrate
 
v
arious
 
busi
ness
 
segments
 
and
expand
 
our
 
operations,
 
t
here
 
is
 
an
 
increasing
 
imper
ative
 
for
 
us
 
to
 
refine
and streamline these
 
processes.
T
he
 
Gr
oup's
 
approach
 
to
 
responsible
 
busin
ess
 
conduct
 
refe
rences
international
 
frameworks,
 
specifically
 
th
e
 
United
 
Nations
 
Guiding
Principles
 
on
 
B
usiness and
 
Human
 
Rights (UNGPs)
 
and
 
th
e
 
Organisation
for
 
Economic
 
Co
-operation
 
and
 
Dev
elopment
 
(OE
CD)
 
G
uidelines
 
for
Multinational
 
Enterpr
ises.
We
 
conduct
 
due
 
diligence
 
processes
 
to
 
identify,
 
prev
ent,
 
and
 
m
itigate
adverse impacts related 
to 
its
 
oper
ations, products,
 
or 
services.
The
 
Gro
up applies t
he precautionary pr
inciple, especially when ad
dressing
potential environmental
 
and human health risks.
The
 
Group
 
is
 
committed
 
to 
r
especting t
he
 
rights
 
listed
 
in
 
the Inte
rnational
Bill
 
of
 
Human
 
Rights.
 
Additionally
,
 
policies
 
ar
e
 
in
 
place
 
to
 
protect
 
specific
stakeholder
 
categories,
 
includi
ng
 
indigenous
 
peoples,
 
children,
 
migr
ant
worker
s,
 
and local communities.
Policies
 
are
 
available
 
on
 
t
he
 
official
 
website.
 
Any
 
unavailable
 
policy
indicates
 
an
 
ongoing
 
review
 
to
 
ensure
 
its
 
alignment
 
with
 
modern
govern
ance
 
standards.
All policy
 
commitments ar
e appr
oved 
by
 
the
 
highe
st decision-making
 
lev
el
within The Group.
P
 
R
 
I
 
N
 
C
 
I
 
P
 
L
 
E
 
S
 
 
O
 
F
 
 
O
 
U
 
R
 
 
S
 
U
 
P
 
P
 
L
 
I
 
E
 
R
 
 
C
 
O
 
D
 
E
 
 
O
 
F
 
 
C
 
O
 
N
 
D
 
U
C
 
T
(might var
y 
in 
def
ferent cpm
panies of t
he Group) 
1
 
.
 
 
 
L
 
A
 
W
 
 
 
R
 
E
 
G
 
U
 
L
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
We operate globall
y with honesty
 and integrity, 
and do not tolerate 
corrupt 
suppliers.
2
 
.
 
 
 
C
 
O
 
N
 
F
 
L
 
I
 
C
 
T
 
 
O
 
F
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
T
 
E
 
R
 
E
 
S
 
T
All our dealings prioritise 
t
he 
company’s best interests 
without conflicting personal 
gain.
3
 
.
 
 
 
F
 
I
 
G
 
H
 
T
 
 
A
 
G
 
A
 
I
 
N
 
S
 
T
 
 
C
 
O
 
R
 
R
 
U
 
P
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
We have a zer
o-toler
ance 
policy for any form of 
corrupt
ion 
and 
expect the same from suppliers.
4
 
.
 
 
 
F
 
A
 
I
 
R
 
 
 
C
 
O
 
M
 
P
 
E
 
T
 
I
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
We never breach competition 
rules and promote 
open 
competition.
5
 
.
 
 
 
F
 
I
 
N
 
A
 
N
 
C
 
I
 
A
 
L
 
 
R
 
E
 
C
 
O
 
R
 
D
 
S
 
,
 
 
M
 
O
 
N
 
E
 
Y
 
 
L
 
A
 
U
 
N
 
D
 
E
 
R
 
I
 
N
 
G
 
,
 
 
I
 
N
 
S
 
I
 
D
 
E
 
R
 
 
T
 
R
 
A
 
D
 
I
 
N
 
G
 
,
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
B
 
R
 
I
 
B
 
E
 
R
 
Y
We prohibit bribery, 
avoid politics
, and expect suppliers 
to mitigate fraud risks.
6
 
.
 
 
 
G
 
I
 
F
 
T
 
S
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
D
 
O
 
N
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
 
S
Gifts should be reasonable 
and never used to unduly 
influence 
decisions
.
7
 
.
 
 
 
C
 
O
 
N
 
F
 
I
 
D
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
I
 
A
 
L
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
E
 
X
 
C
 
L
 
U
 
S
 
I
 
V
 
E
 
 
I
 
N
 
F
 
O
 
R
 
M
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
Suppliers 
must keep trade secrets and confidential 
information 
undiscl
osed.
8
 
.
 
 
 
H
 
U
 
M
 
A
 
N
 
 
R
 
I
 
G
 
H
 
T
 
S
We stand by human rights and expect s
uppliers 
to do the same.
9
 
.
 
 
 
L
 
A
 
B
 
O
 
U
 
R
 
 
S
 
T
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
A
 
R
 
D
 
S
We demand ethical 
hiring and employment 
pr
actices from our suppli
ers.
1
 
0
 
.
 
 
 
S
 
A
 
F
 
E
 
T
 
Y
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
H
 
E
 
A
 
L
 
T
 
H
Suppliers 
should prioritise 
their employ
ees’ s
afety and health.
1
 
1
 
.
 
 
 
Q
 
U
 
A
 
L
 
I
 
T
 
Y
 
 
R
 
E
 
Q
 
U
 
I
 
R
 
E
 
M
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
S
We expect consistent high-quality products and 
services from 
suppliers.
1
 
2
 
.
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
I
 
M
 
A
 
L
 
 
W
 
E
 
L
 
F
 
A
 
R
 
E
We advocate for ethical animal treatment
 
in related products. 
1
 
3
 
.
 
 
 
E
 
N
 
V
 
I
 
R
 
O
 
N
 
M
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
A
 
L
 
 
R
 
E
 
S
 
P
 
O
 
N
 
S
 
I
 
B
 
I
 
L
 
I
 
T
 
Y
Our suppliers 
should 
adhere to environmental 
law
s and promote 
eco
-friendly practices.
1
 
4
 
.
 
 
 
S
 
U
 
S
 
T
 
A
 
I
 
N
 
A
 
B
 
I
 
L
 
I
 
T
 
Y
We value sustainabil
ity and expect our suppli
ers to adopt 
sustainable practices.
1
 
5
 
.
 
 
 
S
 
U
 
P
 
P
 
L
 
I
 
E
 
R
 
 
M
 
A
 
N
 
A
 
G
 
E
 
M
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
 
S
 
Y
 
S
 
T
 
E
 
M
 
S
Suppliers 
should incorporate 
the principles 
o
f this Code into their operations 
and extend it to their own suppliers.
1
 
6
 
.
 
 
 
V
 
E
 
R
 
I
 
F
 
I
 
C
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
We can verif
y s
upplier compli
ance, and non-compliance may
 lead to contract termination.
1
 
7
 
.
 
 
 
A
 
U
 
D
 
I
 
T
We may audit suppliers 
and expect prompt 
resolutions 
to any raised 
concerns.
70+ UNIQUE 
POLICIES AND 
FORMALISED 
PROCEDU
RES
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
P
 
O
 
L
 
I
 
C
 
I
 
E
 
S
 
 
 
O
 
N
 
 
 
G
 
R
 
O
 
U
 
P
 
 
 
L
 
E
 
V
 
E
 
L
GRI: 2-
23, 3-3, 
11
7

Proper labelli
ng 
of
 food 
is
 
our
 major responsi
bility
. The requirements for
 
information 
 
vary 
 
acr
oss 
 
different 
 
m
arkets 
 
and 
 
dif
ferent 
 
requi
rements 
might apply for private
 l
abel products.
Food 
 
labelling 
 
r
ules 
 
established 
 
by
 
 
the
 
 
Europe
an 
 
U
nio
n 
 
ar
e 
 
a
 
 
g
ood 
indicator 
 
of
 
 
minimal 
 
requ
i
rements 
 
we
 
 
must 
 
adhere
 
to
 
 
befo
re 
 
o
ur 
products reach the shelves.
GENERAL
 
LABELL
ING
 
REQUIREMENTS
•
 
The inform
ation
 
must 
be
 
easily
 
v
isible, c
learly legible, and i
ndelible.
•
 
It
 
must
 
not
 
be
 
hidden,
 
o
bscured,
 
detracted
 
from,
 
or
 
interrupted
 
by
any other writt
en
 
or 
pictorial matter.
MANDAT
ORY PARTICULARS
•
 
Name 
of 
the food
•
 
List 
of 
ingredients
•
 
Any
 
ingr
edient
 
causing
 
allergies
 
or
 
intolerances
 
must
 
be
emphasis
ed
•
 
Quantity 
of 
certain ingredients
 
or 
categories 
of 
ingredients (
QUID)
•
 
Net quantity 
of 
the food
•
 
Date 
of 
minimum
 
durab
ility
 
or 
‘best
 
bef
ore’ 
date
•
 
Special storage and/or usage
 
con
ditions
•
 
Name 
or 
business
 
name an
d address 
of
 
the f
ood business
 
oper
ator
•
 
Countr
y
 
of 
origin 
or 
place 
of
 
pr
ovenance, 
if 
applicable
•
 
Instructions
 
for
 
use
 
if
 
it
 
w
ould
 
be
 
difficult
 
to
 
use
 
th
e
 
food
appropr
iately
 
without them
•
 
Actual
 
alcoholic str
ength
 
by 
v
olume for
 
b
everages
 
containing more
than 1.2% 
by 
volume 
of
 
alcohol
GRI: 41
7:2
NUTRITION DECLARATION
•
 
Energy
 
value
 
and
 
the
 
amou
nts
 
of
 
fat,
 
satur
ates,
 
carbohydrates,
sugars,
 
protein,
 
and
 
salt
 
must
 
be
 
presented
 
toge
ther
 
in
 
that
 
or
der,
with the possibility
 
of 
fur
ther el
ements.
•
 
Information
 
must
 
be
 
e
xpress
ed
 
per
 
100
 
g/
ml,
 
but
 
can
 
additio
nally 
be
expressed 
per
 
portion 
or 
as a percentage 
of 
the Reference
 
Intakes.
ADDITIONAL
 
MA
NDATORY
 
PARTICULARS
 
FOR
SPE
CIFIC
 
TYPES 
OR 
C
ATEGORIES
 
OF 
FOODS
•
 
For
 
instance,
 
the
 
pr
esence
 
of
 
sweeteners
 
in
 
drinks
 
or
 
th
e
 
caffeine
content 
in
 
high-
caffeine
 
beve
rages
.
VOLUNTARY FOOD INFORM
ATION
•
 
The FIC Regulation also allows for some voluntary food infor
mation 
to
be
 
provided
 
if
 
it
 
meet
s
 
cert
ain
 
cr
iteria,
 
e.g.,
 
it
 
should
 
not
 
mislead
consumers.
DISTANCE SELLING
•
 
If
 
foods
 
are
 
offered
 
for
 
sale
 
by
 
means
 
of
 
d
istance
 
communic
ation
(e
.g.
,
 
online)
,
 
mandatory
 
f
ood
 
inf
ormation
 
sho
uld
 
be
 
available
 
bef
or
e
the purchase 
is 
completed.
RESP
ONSIBILITY
•
 
The food business operator, und
er whose name 
or 
busin
ess name the
food 
is 
marke
ted,
 
is
 
r
esponsible
 
for food information
.
LANGUAG
E
•
 
Information
 
must
 
be
 
pr
ovided
 
in
 
a
 
languag
e
 
easily
 
understood
 
by
 
the
consumers 
of 
the
 
member
 
states whe
re
 
the pro
duct 
is 
markete
d.
 
EXEMPTIONS
•
 
There
 
are
 
s
ome
 
exemptions
 
in
 
place,
 
particula
rly
 
f
or
 
small
 
and
 
local
businesses,
 
and
 
specific
 
products,
 
like
 
coffee
 
and
 
fermente
d
vinegars.
COUNT
RY 
OF
 
ORIGIN LA
BELING
•
 
Required
 
for
 
certain
 
t
ypes
 
of
 
meat
 
(e
.g
.,
 
por
k,
 
poultry,
 
lamb,
 
and
goat)
.
 
It
 
may
 
also
 
be
 
r
equired
 
if
 
the
 
absence
 
of
 
this
 
infor
mation
might mislead the c
onsumer about the 
food’s 
true origin.
HEALT
H
 
AND NUTRITION CLA
IMS
•
 
Any 
claim
 
made
 
on
 
f
ood
 
labels
 
ab
out
 
health
 
benefits
 
or
 
nutri
tional
content
 
must
 
be
 
clear,
 
accurate,
 
and
 
based 
on
 
scientific
 
evidence.
This 
is 
cover
ed 
under
 
Regulation (EC) 
No
. 
1924
/
2006
.
It’s
 
crucial
 
for
 
us
 
to
 
be
 
awar
e
 
of
 
these
 
requirements
 
and
 
ensure
compliance
 
therewith.
 
Non-compliance
 
can
 
r
esult
 
in
 
penalties,
 
p
roduct
recalls,
 
or
 
reputational
 
damage.
 
This
 
overv
i
ew
 
provides
 
a
 
general
understanding,
 
but
 
specific
 
r
equirements
 
can
 
be
 
complex.
 
Our
 
team
monitors
 
regulations
 
and/or
 
seeks
 
expert
 
advice
 
for
 
detailed
under
standing
 
an
d
 
implementat
ion.
RECALL
S
In
 
 
2022
/
23
 
 
f
ood 
 
recalls 
from
 
the 
 
mar
ket 
 
included 
 
1.
86
 
 
t
 
 
of
 
 
instant 
noodles 
because 
celery 
(allergen). 
was 
not 
highlighted 
on
 
the 
D
anish
 
sticker.
300+ UNIQUE 
POULTR
Y 
PRODU
CTS
300+ UNIQUE 
GRAIN-BA
SED 
PRODU
CTS
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
F
 
O
 
O
 
D
 
 
 
L
 
A
 
B
 
E
 
L
 
L
 
I
 
N
 
G
11
8

KEY FINANCIAL DATA
 
Unit
 
202
2
/2
3
 
202
1
/2
2
Revenue
 
thous
. EUR
 
1,999
,617
 
1,895,66
7
Gross profit
 
thous
. EUR
 
137,96
9
 
188,8
59
Gross profit ma
rgin
 
%
 
6.9%
 
9.96
%
EBITDA
 
thous
. EUR
 
67,318
 
132,173
EBITDA margin
 
%
 
3.37%
 
6.9
7%
Operating profit
 
thous
. EUR
 
41,492
 
103,619
Operating profit
 ma
rgin
 
%
 
2.07
 
5.47%
Earnings before taxes EBT
 
thous
. EUR
 
25,7
60
 
90,841
Earnings before taxes margin
 
thous
.
 EUR
 
1.29
%
 
4.79%
Net profit
 
thous
. EUR
 
20,817
 
77,257
Net profit margin
 
thous
. EUR
 
1.04
 
4.08
Grants received for agriculture activity
 
thous
. EUR
 
5,115
 
3,930
Grants for poultry
 a
ctivity, 
related with C
OVID-
19
thous
. EUR
 
1,67
5
 
3,376
Other grants for pou
ltry activity
 
thous
. EUR
 
-
 
346
GROUP CAPA
CITY
 
Un
it
 
2022
/23
 
202
1
/2
2
Employe
es
 
persons
 
4,956
 
5,031
Total hours wo
rked
 
thous
. hours
 
9,178
 
8,379
Arable land (ha)
 
ha
 
19,22
9
 
18
,258
Own land (ha)
 
ha
 
6,074
 
5,919
Total cattle
 
headcount
 
7,434
 
7,37
4
Dairy cattle
 
headcount
 
3,264
 
3,304
Broile
rs 
raised
 
headcount
49,813
,205 50,854,2
64
Size of parental fl
ock
 
headcount
 
479,443
 
512,31
8
INPUTS
 
Unit
 
202
2
/2
3
 
2021/2
2 
Grain for production
 
tones
 
368,27
3
Data shall be 
recalculated
Feed for l
ivestock (cattle 
a
nd bi
rds)
 
tones 
 
81,8
72
Semi-manufactured food
 a
nd 
additives
 
tones
 
28,945
 
16,808
Plastic packa
ging
 
tones
 
7,165.8
 
2,337
Paper packa
ging
 
tones
 
6,3
17
 
2,424.5
Metal p
acka
ging
 
tones
 
167
 
113
.2
Wood packaging
 
tones
 
1,055
 
5
49.6
Raw meat
 
tones
 
29,357
 
24,298
Food oil
 
tones
 
10,187
 
9,546
Fertilise
rs
 
tones
 
9,4
90
 
10,62
1.3
Plant protecti
on
 
tones
 
167
 
98
Seeds
 
tones
 
2,1
45
 
2,63
7
SOCIAL EFFECTS
 
202
2
/2
3
 
 
2021
/22 
Wages and s
alaries and social se
curity
 
 
t
hous
. EUR
 
138
,246
 
132,515
Income tax (paid)
 
millio
n 
 EUR 
 
9
.5
 
7.1
TRIR
 
0.85
 
0.7
8
ENERGY CONSUMED
 
Unit
 
2021/22 
 
2021
/22 
Natural gas
 
1,000
m
3
25,01
9.6
28,20
7
Diesel
 
for transportati
on
 
thous
. litres 
3,72
6.3
2,52
7.9
Petrol for transportation
 
thous
. 
litres 
 
613.9
 
378
Diesel for agriculture
 
thous
. 
litres 
 
2
,514
 
2,452.6
LPG
 
thous
. kg 
 
2,895
 
392
Diesel
 
for heat prod
uctio
n
 
thous
. 
litre
s 
 
15
6.0
 
25
1.6
Certifi
ed 
green el
ectricity
 
Gwh
 
86.3
 
91.6
Not certifie
d electricity
 
Gwh
 
1.3
 
0.47
Heating p
urchased
 
Mwh
 
0.46
 
0.8
PRODUCTION OUTPUT
 
Unit
 
202
2
/2
3 
 
202
1/22 
Compou
nd feed
 
thous
.
 
tones
 
281.6
 
257.8
Flour and mixes
 
thous
. 
tones
 
64
.6
 
67.8
Raw milk
 
thous
. 
kg
 
37,876
 
35,514
Harv
est
 
thous
. tones
 
133.4
 
127
Poultry meat l
ive weight
 
thous. t
ones 
 
118.1
 
116.1
Pet food
 
thous
. 
tones
 
11
.2
 
12
Instant food
 
thous
. tones
 
21.5
 
13.1
Breadcrumbs
 
thous
. tones
 
9.4
 
9.8
Seeds
 
thous
. 
tones
 
27.2
 
25
Cattle meat
 
thous
. tones
 
1.2
 
1.3
ENVIRONMENTA
L 
EFFECTS
 
202
2
/2
3
 
2021/2
2
Scope 1 GHG emissio
ns
 
tCO
2 
eq
135
,153
133
,821
Scope 2 GHG emissio
ns 
(market-
based)
 
tCO
2 
eq
365
 
3
58
Scope 3 GHG emissio
ns
 
tCO
2 
eq
551
,016
 
552,54
0
CO
2 
sequestration in soil
 
tCO
2 
eq
-21,58
4
 
-20,79
8
Waste d
irected
 to disposal
 
tones
 
3,914.9
 
3,91
3.2
Waste dire
cted from disposal
 
tones
 
27
0,020
 
277,40
0.6
GRI: 20
1-1, 
201
-4, 
301
-1, 
302
-1, 
305
-1, 
305
-2, 
305
-3, 
305
-4, 
306
-
2,
 
403
-9
INTENSITY OF EMISSIONS
U
nit 
 
202
3/23
 
2021
/22
SCOPE 1 emission per emplo
yee
 
t CO
2
eq
 
27.8
 
26.6
SCOPE 1 emission millio
n 
Eur 
(revenue)
t CO
2
eq
 
67.6
 
70.6
SCOPE 1 emission ton ECM
 
t CO
2
eq
 
0.334
 
0.37
8
SCOPE 1 emission poultry
 meat (live 
weight)
t CO
2
eq
 
0.555
 
0.60
0
SCOPE 1 emission ton wheat 
 
t CO
2
eq
 
0.252
 
0.25
1
SCOPE 1 emission ha arable soil
 
t CO
2
eq
 
1.212
 
1.26
9
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
I
 
:
 
 
 
D
 
A
 
T
 
A
 
 
 
C
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
R
 
E
11
9

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
I
 
I
 
: 
C
 
O
 
M
 
P
 
A
 
N
 
I
 
E
 
S
 
 
 
N
 
O
 
T
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
C
 
L
 
U
 
D
 
E
 
D
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
 
 
S
 
U
 
S
 
T
 
A
 
I
 
N
 
A
 
B
 
I
 
L
 
I
 
T
 
Y
 
 
R
 
E
 
P
 
O
 
R
 
T
Dormant 
comp
anies 
(1-2, 
4-8
),
 
com
panies 
under
 
liquidation
 
(3
),
 
associate
s 
n
ot 
a
ttr
ibutable 
to
 
the
 
Group
 
(9-
10
),
 
li
ttle 
act
ivity 
managem
ent 
services 
or
 
similar
 
companies (
11
-
13
),
 
as
 
well 
as
 subsidiary 
in
 Belarus 
(
14
),
 w
ere 
not
 included 
in
 
the 
scope 
of
 the report:
 
1.
 
UAB
 
Gerera
 
(
dormant,
 
the
 
G
roup
 
owns
 
97
.
06
%
 
stock)
 
-
 
priva
te
 
limited
 
liability
 
c
ompany,
 
founded
 
15
/
1/19
93,
 
code
 
of
 
legal
 
entity
 
147
676584,
 
address
 
Smėlynės
 
St
.
 
2
C,
 
LT
-35143
 
Panevėžys,
 
Lithuania,
 
company
 
register
 
–
 
State
 
Enterprise
 
Centre
 
of
Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Regi
strų 
centras);
2.
 
UAB
 
Kekava Foods
 
LT
 
(dormant, 
the
 
Group
 
owns
 
100%
 
stock)
 
-
 
private
 
limited liabi
lity c
ompany,
 
founde
d
 
8/3/2018,
 
code
 
of
 
legal
 
entity
 
30
4784428,
 
address
 
Subačiaus
 
St
.
 
5, 
LT
-01
302
 
Vilnius,
 
L
ithuania,
 
company register
 
–
 
State
 
Enterprise
 
Cent
re
 
of
Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Regi
strų 
centras);
3.
 
Linas
 
Agro A
/S (
under 
liquidation, 
the
 
Group
 
owns
 
97
.
06
% stock)-pri
vate
 
limite
d l
iability company,
 
founde
d
 
15
/3/1994,
 
code 
of
 
legal
 
entity CVR
 
17689037,
 
address
 
Vinkel
 
Allé
 
1, 
DK
-
9000
 
Aalborg, Denmark
,
 
company register 
–
 
Danish
 
Commerce an
d
Companies Agency;
4.
 
UAB
 
Gastroneta
 
(dormant,
 
the
 
Group
 
owns
 
84
.
93
%
 
stock)-
 
private
 
limited
 
liab
ility
 
company,
 
founded
 
15
/
2/2000,
 
code
 
of
 
l
egal
 
entity
 
1
25057526,
 
address
 
Da
riaus
 
ir
 
G
irėno
 
St
.
 
175
,
 
LT
-02189
 
Vilnius,
 
Lithuania,
 
company
 
register
 
–
 
State
 
Enterprise
Centre 
of 
Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Regist
rų 
centras);
5.
 
UAB
 
Kaišiadorių
 
Pa
ukštyno
 
Mažmena
 
(dormant,
 
the
 
Group
 
owns
 
84
.
92
%
 
stock)-
 
private
 
limited
 
liabil
ity
 
company,
 
founded
 
2/6/1999,
 
code
 
of
 
legal
 
entity
 
15898
6919,
 
a
ddress
 
Paukštininkų
 
St
.
 
15
,
 
LT
-56
110
 
Kaiš
iadorys,
 
L
ithuania,
 
c
ompany
 
registe
r
 
–
State Enterp
rise Centre 
of 
Registers 
(
Valstybės į
monė Registrų 
centras);
6.
 
KG
 
Eesti 
OU
 
(dormant,
 
the
 
Group owns
 
89
.
59
%
 
stock)
 
-
 
private lim
ited liability c
ompany, founded 
12
/7/
2016,
 
code 
of
 
legal
 
entity
 
14079784,
 
address P
. Suda
 
11
, 10
118 Ta
llinn, Estonia,
 
company
 
registe
r 
–
 
Centre 
of
 
Registers a
nd Informa
tion Systems
(RIK);
7.
 
UAB
 
Uogint
ai (
dormant, 
the
 
Group owns 
84
.
92
%
 
stock) -
 
private
 
limited liability company,
 
founded 
10
/
11
/2006, code
 
of 
l
egal
 
entity 
3
006148
73, address 
P
aukštininkų 
St
.
 
15
, 
LT
-56110 
Kaišiadorys,
 
Lithuania,
 
company register 
– 
Sta
te Enterprise Centre
of 
Registers 
(Valstybės įmo
nė Registrų 
cen
tras);
8.
 
Kooperatyvas Baltoji 
Pl
unksnelė 
(dormant, 
the 
Group owns 
83
.
33
% stock
) - cooperative, founded
 
22
/
11
/
2007, code 
of 
legal entity 30129
3559, address 
Paukštininkų 
St
. 
15
, 
LT
-56
110 
Kaišiadorys, 
Lithuania; company register 
– 
State Ente
rprise Centre 
of
Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Regi
strų 
centras);
9.
 
KG
 
Khumex
 
Coldstore B.V.
 
(a
ssociate,
 
the
 
Group
 
owns
 
42
.
46
%
 
stock)
 
-
 
priva
te limited liab
ility
 
company,
 
founded 
16
/
11
/2016,
 
code
 
of
 
lega
l
 
entity
 
6728384
5,
 
address
 
Landauer
 
11
,
 
3897
AB 
Zeewolde,
 
the
 
Netherlands; company
 
register
 
–
 
Chamber
 
of
Commerce (Kamer
 
va
n
 
Koophandel);
10.
 
KG
 
Khumex
 
B.V.
 
(associate,
 
the
 
Group
 
owns
 
50
%
 
stock)
 
-
 
private
 
l
imited
 
l
iability
 
company,
 
founded
 
17
/
12
/2012,
 
code
 
of
 
legal
 
entity
 
5666
8317,
 
a
ddress
 
Landa
uer
 
9,
 
3897
AB
 
Zeewolde,
 
the
 
Netherla
nds;
 
company
 
register
 
–
 
Chamber
 
of
 
Commerce
(Kamer van K
oophande
l).
11.
 
UAB Kormoprom In
vest (Subsidiary, 
the 
Group owns 100% stock) - priva
te li
mited liability company, fou
nded 
24
/
11
/
2015, code 
of
 legal entity 3041415
42, addre
ss 
Subačiaus
 
St
. 
5, 
LT
-0
1302 Vilnius, Lithuania; company regist
er 
– 
State Enterprise Cent
re
of 
Registers 
(Va
lstybė
s įmonė Registrų 
centras);
12.
 
UA
B TABA H
oldi
ng (Subsidiary, 
the
 
Group owns
 
100% stock)
 
-
 
private limite
d l
iability company,
 
founde
d 
24
/
11
/2015, c
ode 
of
 
legal 
entity
 
30414158
1, a
ddress 
Subačiaus
 
St
. 5, 
LT
-0
1302 
Vilnius, Lithuania; c
ompany register 
–
 
State Enterprise Centre 
of
Registers 
(Valstybės įmonė Regi
strų 
centras);
13.
 
Nordic
 
Agro
 
investmen
t Limited (Subsidiary,
 
the
 
Group owns 
89
.
59
%
 
stock)
 
-
 
private limited liability company,
 
founded 9/5/201
1, code 
of
 
legal 
entity
 07625
931, a
ddress 
93
 Tudor drive, 
Kingsto
n, Surrey, 
England, 
KT
2 5NP, 
UK
; company
 
register 
–
 
State
Enterpri
se, Companies H
ouse;
14.
 
OOO 
KLM (Subsidi
ary, 
the
 Group owns 
62
.
72
% stock) - private limited liability company, founded
 7/9/2007, code 
of
 legal 
entity
 69
60828
1, address Sosnovaja 
St
. 7, office 9, 
S
onečnij 
vill., Minsk region, Belarus; company regi
ster 
–
 Ministry 
of
 Justice 
of
 
the
 
Republic 
of
 Belarus.
GRI: 2-
1, 2-2
12
0

Group companies are 
fo
stering close 
relations wi
th a wide 
array of world-class
 producers. Our extensive 
ne
twork allows
 u
s to offer 
t
he b
est possibl
e 
solutions for the 
needs of local 
farmers and
 agri
cul
tural 
companies.
SEEDS
PLANT CARE PR
ODUCTS, 
FERTILISERS 
AGRICULTURAL MACH
INERY
FARM EQUIPMENT
GRAIN CLEANING, D
RYING, AND 
STORAGE FACILITIES
ADJUSTABLE DR
AINA
GE SYSTEM
VETERINARY PHARMACY 
& 
SUPPLEMENTS
PLANT CARE 
PROD
UCTS, FERTILISER
S 
INTRODUCTION
 
SUS
TAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
III
: 
B
 
R
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
S
 
 
 
A
 
N
 
D
 
 
 
P
 
R
 
O
 
D
 
U
 
C
 
T
 
S
 
 
 
W
 
E
 
 
 
R
 
E
 
P
 
R
 
E
 
S
 
E
 
N
 
T
GRI: 2-
6
12
1

ACCOUNTING
 
PRINCIP
LES
This 
 
is
 
 
our
 
 
second
 
year
 
consolidated 
 
GHG 
 
emissions 
account
ing 
 
effort 
based 
on
 the 
Greenhouse 
Gas Prot
ocol.
RELEVANCE
We  analysed  the 
 
ent
ire  value 
 
chain 
 
of
  the  Group 
 
to
  make  sure
  that 
collected 
GHG 
inventor
y 
reflects 
Group 
activities 
and
 
GHG 
emissions. 
All 
relevant
 
Group activities a
re
 desc
ribed 
in
 
our
 sustainabili
ty re
port.
COMPLETENESS
We 
 
account 
 
for 
 
and 
 
r
eport 
 
on
 
 
all 
 
GHG 
 
emission 
 
sources 
 
and 
 
activities 
within 
 
th
e 
 
cho
se
n 
 
i
nventory 
 
boundary. 
 
Co
ntextual 
 
in
form
ation 
 
be
hind 
reported re
s
ults 
is
 p
resented f
or all relevant
 inventories. All exclusions and 
reasons for excluding 
are listed below.
CONSISTENCY
We 
use 
consistent 
met
hodologies 
to
 
allow 
f
or 
meaningful 
comparisons 
of
 
emissions over 
time. 
All emission factor
s and 
other indicators are
 caref
ully 
documented
.
TRANSPARENCY
All relevant
 issues are 
addressed 
in
 
a f
actual and 
coh
erent manner, based 
on
 
 
r
elevant 
 
activity 
 
data. 
 
We 
 
disclose 
 
relevant
 
 
accounting 
 
met
hods 
and 
assumptions 
behind 
our
 
calcul
ations, and
 asses
s 
the
 reliabi
lity 
of
 results.
ACCURACY
Quantification 
 
of
 
 
f
inal 
r
esults 
 
is
 
 
comparable 
 
and 
 
reports 
 
in
 
 
unified 
 
units 
(tCO2 equivalent)
.
ACCOUNTING
 
APPROACH 
We 
account 
f
or 
100
 
per
cent 
of
 
t
he 
GHG e
missi
ons 
fro
m 
operat
io
ns, 
over 
which 
we
 have 
operational 
control. 
SCOPE 1: DIRECT EMISSIONS
Direct  emiss
ions  and  s
equestra
tion  occur 
 
from  GHG  s
ources  
or
 
 
sinks 
within 
 
the 
 
Group 
 
boun
daries 
 
and 
 
are 
 
owned 
 
or
 
 
cont
roll
ed 
 
by
 
 
the 
organisation.
KEY DIRECT EMISSIONS WITHIN THE GROUP
C0
2
 
(carbon 
 
dioxide) 
 
emission
s
 
 
occur
 
 
f
rom 
 
direct 
 
combustion 
 
of
 
 
f
ossil
 
fuels (natural gas, diesel, LPG, petrol)
 
by
 stationar
y and mobile 
machinery.
HFC
 
 
(hyd
rofluorocarbon) 
 
emissions 
 
are 
 
direct 
 
results 
 
of
 
 
cooling, 
refrigeration, 
 
and 
 
freezi
ng 
 
of
 
 
production, 
 
mainly 
 
o
ccurring 
 
in
 
 
poultry 
processing processes.
N
2
O 
 
(nitro
us 
 
oxide) 
 
emissions 
 
are 
 
t
he 
 
result 
 
of
 
 
application 
of
 
 
chemical 
nitrogen
 
fert
ilis
ers 
an
d manure 
to
 agricultural 
soils.
CH
4
 
(methane) 
emissions 
are 
d
irectly r
elated 
to
 
livestock 
(ru
minant
s and 
birds) enteric fermentation process 
and manure 
management.
SOC 
(soil 
organic 
carbon) 
sequestration 
(trapping 
of
 c
arbon w
ithin 
soil) 
is
 
a result 
of
 farming pr
actices 
in
 an attempt 
to
 reduce environmental effects 
of
 crop produ
ction 
pr
ocess.
HFC
 
 
(h
ydrofluorocarbon) 
 
emissions 
 
are 
 
direct 
 
results 
 
of
 
 
cooling, 
refrigeration, 
and 
 
fr
eezing 
of
 
 
production, 
 
mainly 
 
occurr
ing 
 
during 
 
poult
ry 
processing.
STATIONARY
 COMBUSTION
The  Group  operates  a  network  
of
 
13
  modern  grain 
 
storage  facilities, 
which 
 
includes 
 
10
 
 
facilities 
 
in
 
 
Lithuania 
 
and 
 
3 
 
in
 
 
Latvia, 
 
far
mi
ng 
companies 
also 
run 
 
their 
own 
grain 
dr
ying 
and 
storage 
 
f
aci
lities. 
Poultr
y 
business 
 
is
 
 
responsible 
 
for
 
 
88
% 
 
of
 
 
natur
al 
 
g
as 
 
consumption 
 
within 
 
the 
Group. 
Reliability
: high. Data collected directly fr
om company 
records
.
Source
 
Unit
 
Qua
ntity
 
tCO
2
 
eq
Natural gas
 
100
0 m
3
25,01
9.5
 
4
6,911
.6
Diesel
 
1
000
 
l
 
15
6.0
 
392
LPG
 
1000 
kg
 
2,895.4
 
4,498
.6
To
tal
 
51,
802
.2
GHG emissions 
from stationa
ry machinery, Linas 
Agro Group, AB, 
202
2
/2
3 
MOBILE COMBUSTION
The 
 
direct 
 
e
missi
ons 
 
from
 
 
mobil
e 
 
sources 
 
are 
 
divided
 
 
in
to
 
 
two 
 
key
 
categories: 
fuel 
consumed 
for 
agricultural 
production 
an
d 
other 
activities, 
such  as 
 
transpor
tation  
of
  pr
oducts  and  inp
uts  
by
  tractors  and  vehicle 
owned and/or leased 
by
 the Group companies. 
Reliabil
ity: high. Data col
lected directly from company 
records
.
 
Source
 
Unit
 
Quantity
 
tCO
2
eq
Diesel in agriculture
 
1000
 
l
 
2,
514
 
6,315
.2
Diesel for other 
activities
100
0 
l
 
3
,726.3
 
9,360
.8
Petrol
 
100
0 
l
 
613.9
 
1,287.7
To
tal
 
13,
5
05.3
GHG emissions 
from mobile ma
chinery, Linas Agro Group, AB, 
202
2
/2
3 
EMISSIONS FROM
 COOLING AND FREEZING
We 
 
account 
 
for
 
 
industrial 
 
use 
 
of
 
 
refrigerants 
 
in
 
 
poultry 
 
production. 
Refrigerants 
used 
f
or 
cooling 
our
 
off
ices 
and 
v
ehicles 
ar
e 
p
rocured 
as
 
a 
service and 
not
 included 
in
 Scope 1 calculations. 
Reliability:
 high. Data collected directly fr
om company records.
 
Source
 
Unit
 
Quantity
 
tCO
2
eq
Refrigerants
t
0.
9
59
 
2,364
Total
 
2,
36
4
GHG emissions 
from refri
gerants, Linas Agr
o Group, A
B, 
202
2
/2
3 
N
2
O (
NITROUS OXIDE)
 
EMISSIONS
Direct emissions from managed s
oils: 
the method 
is
 based 
on
 Chapter 
11
, 
N
2
O emissions from
 managed soils 
and 
CO
2 
emissions from lime a
nd 
ur
ea
 
applica
tion
, 
 
of
 
 
the 
 
IPCC 
 
Guidelin
es 
 
for 
 
National 
 
Greenhous
e
 
 
Gas 
Inventories 
 
(GNGGI). 
 
T
he 
 
assessment  
of
 
 
soil 
 
em
issi
ons 
 
c
onsiders, 
 
to
 
some extent, soil types and cl
imate. 
Reliability
: moder
ately 
high.
 Data collected directly from
 
company re
cords.
Source
 
Unit
 
Quantity
 
tCO
2
eq
Application 
of
 chemical fertilisers
t
9,490
 
24,92
2.05
Manure management 
 
9
42
.3
Total
 
25,
8
64.4
*
 
The compo
sition
 of all 
fertiliser wa
s broken down t
o estimate the actual content 
N (Nitrogen) based on
 compositi
on 
declared by
 manufacturers.
GHG emissions f
rom managed 
soils, Linas Agro Group, AB, 
202
2
/2
3 
INTRODUCTION
 
S
USTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
IV
: 
G
 
H
 
G
 
 
I
 
N
 
V
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
O
 
R
 
Y
GRI: 30
2-1
, 
30
2-2, 30
5-
1 
122

DIRECT EMISSIONS FROM
 LIVES
TOCK
Methane
 
is
 
pro
duced
 
by
 
animals
 
as
 
a
 
r
esult
 
of
 
ent
eric
 
f
ermentation,
 
a
digestive
 
process
 
by
 
w
hich
 
carbohydrates
 
are
 
broken
 
down
 
by
microorganisms into simpl
e molecul
es. Digestive systems and
 
feed int
akes
are two major paramet
ers
 
influencing the rate 
of 
methane emis
sions.
The 
assessment 
of
 
GHG em
issi
ons 
from e
nteric f
ermentatio
n 
is
 
based 
on
 
the IPCC, Tier
 2 simplified 
method for all
 livestock categor
ies.
The rate of methane emissi
ons depends 
on diet (DMI/day), 
gross energy 
(MJ/day), and a methane
 
conversion factor per animal
, and the type of 
diet. 
Globally
, 
cattle 
 
is
 
the 
 
leading 
 
met
hane 
 
emission 
source,
 
poultry 
is
 
 
not
 
 
a
 
major contributo
r 
to
 emiss
ions 
from enteric ferm
entation emissi
ons. 
The 
re
lia
bili
ty 
of
 
CH
4 
depends 
on
 
an 
organization's ability 
to
 
compile 
dat
a 
on
 
 
dry 
 
matt
er 
 
intake  p
er 
 
animal 
 
as
 
 
well  
as
 
 
other 
 
parameter
s,
  s
uch 
 
as
 
animal weight and days
 spent gazing
 
etc. 
All  relevant
  data  can  
be
  tr
acked  back  
to
  comp
any
  records;  thus, 
 
th
e 
reliability 
of
 
CH
4 calculations 
is
 estimated 
to
 
be
 high.
Direct  N
2
O  emiss
ions  from  the  treatment  and  storage  
of
  manure  are 
estimated with the IPCC method,
 Tier 2. 
Reliability
: high. Data collected directly fr
om company records.
Source
 
Unit
 
Quantity
 
tCO
2
eq
All rumin
ants 
Animal
7,
210
 
19,41
8
Broile
rs
Animal
49,81
3,20
5
9,422
.4
Parental flock
Animal
479
,443
 
1,252
.1
Manure management
 
8,
702
To
tal
 
41,
25
7
GHG emissions 
from livestock, Linas 
Agro Group, AB, 
202
2
/2
3 
*
 
Average 
headcount
 of cattle  (cows, bul
ls, heifers)
GHG
 
SEQUES
TRATION
Soil 
 
organic 
 
carbon 
 
(SOC) 
 
is
 
 
the 
 
balance 
 
bet
ween 
 
plant 
 
inputs 
 
and 
biologicall
y mediated
 
losses. The 
amount 
of
 
SOC 
is
 
so
 
large 
compared 
to
 
anthropogenic 
 
CO
2
 
 
f
l
uxes 
 
to
 
 
the 
 
atmosph
ere 
 
that
 
 
small 
 
changes 
 
in
 
 
the 
SOC 
pool
 
could 
have
 
a 
major 
impact 
on
 
the 
concentration 
of
 
CO
2
 
in
 
the 
atmosphere
 
(Cox 
et
 
al
., 
2000
; Cr
owther
 
et
 al., 
2016
)
. 
The methodology for the estimation 
of
 GHG sequestr
ation 
is
 mostly based 
on
 
the 
IPCC
 
guidelines for 
nat
ional
 
greenhouse 
gas 
inventories 
–
 
Volume 
4: Agriculture,
 
f
orestry and other land use.
The precise estimation 
of
 ann
ual change 
in
 carbon stora
ge 
is
 an extremely
 
complex 
 
multilevel 
 
e
xercise
 
 
requ
iri
ng 
 
d
etailed 
 
investigation, 
 
testing,
 
 
and 
analysi
s 
of
 
s
pecific 
crops' 
ability 
to
 
 
absor
b 
and 
 
soil’s
 
capacity 
 
to
 
 
ret
ain 
CO
2
 from the atmosphere
.
 
Our 
 
estimate 
 
is
 
 
based 
 
on
 
 
th
e 
 
IPCC 
 
gu
idelines, 
 
taking 
 
into 
 
ac
count 
 
the 
changes 
 
in
 
 
soil 
 
manageme
nt 
 
pr
actices 
 
and 
 
Tier 
 
2 
 
specification 
 
level 
 
of
 
soil.  Calc
ulating  total  possible 
 
sequest
ration  volu
mes,  
we
 
 
assumed  the 
worst-case 
 
scenario, 
 
t
hus 
 
we
 
 
are 
 
confident 
 
the 
 
estimated
 
 
amount 
 
is
 
 
a
 
conservative 
representation 
of
 
change
 
in
 
CO
2
 
s
inks 
in
 
soils 
managed
 
by
 
our
 companies. 
Reliability
: low. 
No
 sampling 
of
 soil 
nor
 
crops were perfor
med
.
 
SOURCE
 
U
NIT
 
QUANTITY
 
tCO
2
eq
Change in S
OC in soi
l
ha
19
,2
29
 
-
21,58
4
To
tal
 
-2
1,
584
GHG sequestra
tion, Lina
s Agro
 Group, AB, 
202
2
/2
3
 
SCOPE 2
Scope 
2 
represents 
emissions that
 
our 
companies caused 
indirectly 
when 
the energ
y 
we
 purchased 
is
 prod
uced 
by
 third
 
party prov
iders.
Estimating 
location-based 
GHG 
emissions 
for
 
electr
icity 
consumptio
n, 
we
 
apply emission 
factors published 
in
 
2021
 European Residual 
Mix.
GHG 
em
issi
ons 
related
 
to
 
acquired 
heating 
energy 
are 
estimated 
based 
on
 supplier-specific 
emission 
f
actors. 
Below,  
we
  present  GHG  calculations  for  Scope  2,
  the  location-base
d 
amount 
of
 
CO
2
 for 
green electricity represents 
avoided GHG emissions 
by
 
switching 
 
to
 
clean 
energ
y 
consump
tion 
in
 
 
all 
pr
oduction 
 
and 
virtually 
all
 
administrative sites 
operated
 
by
 t
he Group.
Reliability
: high. Data collected directly fr
om company 
records.
 
SOURCE
 
UNIT
 
QUANTITY
 
tCO
2
eq
Green ele
ctricity  (
market-
based) 
Gwh
86.3
 
0
Not certifie
d electricity 
(market-based) 
Gwh
 
1.3
 
283.4
Heating (market-based)
 
Mwh
 
0.46
 
82
To
tal 
ma
rke
t-based 
 
365
.
4
Scope 2
 market-based GHG emissions 
Linas 
Agro Group, AB, 
2022
/2
3 
SOURCE
 
U
NIT
 
QUANTITY
 
tCO
2
eq
Green ele
ctricity  (
location-
based) 
Gwh
 
86.3
 
29,342
Not certifie
d electricity 
(location-b
ased) 
Gwh
 
1.3
 
442
Heating (lo
cation-based)
 
Mwh
 
0.46
 
176
To
tal 
loc
ati
on-based 
 
29,
9
60
Scope 2
 location-based GHG emissions 
Linas 
Agro Group, A
B, 
202
2
/2
3 
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
IV
: 
G
 
H
 
G
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
V
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
O
 
R
 
Y
GRI: 3
02-1
, 
30
5-1, 30
5-
2 
12
3

SCOPE 3
Scope
 
3
 
re
presen
ts 
 
indir
ect 
 
GHG 
 
emissions 
that 
 
occur
 
 
because 
of
 
 
our 
operations 
 
f
rom 
 
sour
ces 
 
not
 
 
ow
ned 
 
nor
 
 
controlled 
 
by
 
 
t
he 
 
Group 
companies.
Reliable 
 
data
 
f
or 
 
Scope 
 
3 
 
emissions 
 
can 
 
be
 
 
d
i
fficult 
 
to
 
 
obtain, 
 
t
hus 
 
we
 
used 
 
a 
 
variety 
 
of
 
 
g
enerally
 
 
accepted 
 
emissio
ns 
 
factors 
 
in
 
 
order 
 
to
 
represent
 
t
he extent 
of
 
our
 
impacts 
to
 the i
ndirect GHG emissions. 
Evaluating 
our
 
supply 
chain 
and 
assessing 
the 
mat
eriality 
of
 
our
 
impact, 
we
 
 
identified 
 
the
ses 
 
Scope 
 
3 
 
categories 
 
as 
 
r
elevant 
 
to
 
 
our
 
 
GHG 
calculation:
 
•
 
Purcha
sed materials;
•
 
 
Fuel and ener
gy related activities;
•
 
Transpor
tation 
and
 distribution
;
•
 
Waste genera
ted 
in
 oper
ations;
•
 
End
 
of
 life treatment 
of
 pack
aging 
of
 
sold goods. 
EMISSIONS 
 
ASSOC
IATED 
 
WITH 
 
PURCHA
SED 
MATERIAL
S
Consistent 
tracking 
of
 
consolidated Scope 3 G
HG emissions 
was initiated 
in
 
2022
. 
-
 
Estimating 
 
GHG 
 
emissions 
 
related 
 
to
 
 
packaging
 
 
we
 
 
u
se 
 
DEFRA 
2021
 emission factors.
-
 
GHG  emiss
ions  from  f
ertili
ser  productio
n  process  are 
 
estimated 
based 
on
 composition 
of
 fertilisers 
ap
plied. 
-
 
Calculating  GHG  emissions  related  
to
  grain  based  products  
we
 
assume 
 
that  grain 
 
production 
 
emissi
on 
 
factor  are 
 
similar 
 
to
 
 
CO
2
 
emissions 
per
 
tone
 
of
 
output
 
produced within 
our
 
Grou
p.
Reliabil
ity: average. The s
upplier s
pecific data was 
not
 coll
ected.
SOURCE
 
UNIT
 
QUANTITY
 
tCO
2
eq
Grain and for producti
on
t
276
,576
 
92,990
Soya 
t
58,573
 
14,643
Grain products 
t
33
,
112
 
9,157
Purchased fee
d 
 
t
 
81
,
872
 
24,5
61
Fertilise
rs
 
t
 
9
,4
90
 
16,
133
Purchased raw meat
 
t
 
29,349
 
102,721
Food oil
 
t
 
10,187
 
29,489
.4
Food additi
ves
 
t
 
28,045
 
8,413.5
Plastic packa
ging
 
t
 
7,16
5
 
22,328.9
Paper packa
ging
 
t
 
6,317
 
4,421
.9
Cleaning agents 
and other 
petroch
emicals
t
 
7,8
18
 
13,290.6
Metal p
acka
ging
 
t
 
1
68
 
160
Seeds
 
t
 
2,
80
6
 
75
0
Plant protecti
on 
 
t
 
92
 
156
Wooden
 packaging
 
t
 
1,055.8
 
422.32
To
tal
 
33
9,
21
9
Scope 3
 G
HG emissions 
from input p
roductio
n, Linas Agro Group, AB 2022
/2
3 
FUEL AND ENERGY RELATED ACTIVITIES 
We  apply 
 
DEFRA  2023  emiss
ion  factors  
to
  es
timate  GHG  emissi
ons 
related 
to
 
extraction, 
 
production, 
 
and 
 
t
ransportation 
of
 
fuels 
and 
 
en
ergy
 
consumed 
 
w
ithin 
 
the
 
 
Group 
 
over 
 
the 
 
reporting 
 
per
i
od, 
 
not
 
 
already 
accounted for 
in
 scope 1
 
or
 scope 2.
Reliability
: aver
age. The s
upplier s
pecific data was 
not
 collected.
SOURCE
 
UN
IT
 
QUANTITY
 
tCO
2
eq
Transmission and 
distrib
ution losses 
of 
electricit
y
Gwh
 
87.6
 
1,578.5
Well to tank 
(natural gas)
 
1,00
0 
m3
 
25,01
9
 
8,421.6
Well to tank 
(diesel
)
 
1,000 
l
 
6,240
 
3,901.8
Well to tank 
(LPG)
 
1,000
 
kg
 
2,970.7
 
1,037.6
Well to tank 
(petrol)
 
1,000 l
 
613.9
 
356
.1
Total
 
15
,2
95.6
Scope 3
 G
HG emissions 
from fuel a
nd ene
rgy relat
ed  act
ivities, Linas Agro Gro
up, AB 
202
2
/2
3
TRANSPORTAT
ION AND DISTRIBUTION
In
 
or
der 
to
 
estimate 
SCOPE 
3 
transportat
ion 
and 
distribution
 
emissions 
we
 
u
se
d 
average 
 
tr
aveling 
distances 
 
for 
 
inputs 
procured 
as
 
well 
as 
for 
the 
 
goods 
sold. 
 
The 
 
table 
below 
 
accounts 
 
for 
 
third 
 
par
ty 
transportation 
emissions 
by
:
-
 
Rail transport
-
 
Road transport
-
 
Marine transport
DEFRA  emissi
on  facto
rs  for  transportatio
n  
by
  different  means  we
re 
employed.
Reliability
: averag
e. The 
supplier 
specific data was not available.
SOURCE
 
UNIT
 
QUANTITY
 
tCO
2
eq
Upstream transportation
 of 
inputs
tkm
 
44,30
6,939
 
24,
590
Downstream transportation 
of products
tkm
 
70,75
0,35
0
 
43,011
Transportatio
n of goods for 
farmers
tkm
 
4,
400
,200
 
25,91
7
Transportation of grain 
(trade)
tkm
 
1,720,00
0,00
0
 
99,958
To
tal
 
193
,
476
tkm 
A 
tonne
-k
ilometre, abbreviated as tkm, 
is a unit o
f measure of freight
 
transport whi
ch represents 
the transport
 of one tonne
 of goods over 
a distance of 
one
 kilometre.
Scope 3
 G
HG emissions 
from upstream and
 downstream t
ransport
ation, Linas Agro 
Group, AB 20
22
/2
3 
WASTE TREATM
ENT 
EMISSIONS
We 
apply 
DEFRA 
emission 
factors 
to
 
estimate 
GHG 
emissions 
facto
rs 
to
 
evaluate 
 
e
nd-
of
-li
fe 
 
related 
 
emissions 
 
for 
 
waste 
 
dive
rted
 
 
to
 
 
disposal
 
assuming 
no
 packaging was recycled 
by
 
our
 clients. 
Reliabilit
y: 
average. Th
e suppl
ier 
specific data was not available
.
SOURCE
 
UNIT
 
QUANTITY
 
tCO
2
eq
Waste ge
nerated o
peratio
ns 
 
t
 
3,836
 
83
End of li
fe 
for packa
ging 
sold
t
 
14,712
 
2,943
To
tal
 
3,
02
6
Scope 3
 G
HG emissions 
from waste tr
eatment, Linas Agro Group, A
B 2022
/2
3
 
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
IV
: 
G
 
H
 
G
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
V
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
O
 
R
 
Y
GRI: 30
2-1
, 
30
2-2, 30
5-
3,
12
4

EXCLUDED EMISSION SOURCES
Our 
 
cal
culations 
 
of
 
 
GHG 
 
emissions 
 
ar
e 
 
b
ased 
 
on
 
 
materiality 
 
criter
ia: 
emissi
on sources 
accounting for less than
 1% 
of
 t
otal 
Group emissi
ons are 
not
 included.
•
 
Capital goods, such as buildings and other fixed assets: Scope 3 GHG 
indirect 
emiss
ions 
exclude 
indirect 
emis
sions 
related 
to
 
proc
essing 
of
 
materials for buildings.
•
 
We 
 
exclude 
 
indirect 
 
GHG 
 
e
missi
ons 
 
r
elated 
 
to
 
 
material
s 
 
and 
processing 
of
 
owned 
fixed 
assets, 
such 
as
 
machiner
y, 
elevator
s, 
f
arm
 
equipment,
 
etc.
•
 
Investments: 
 
We
 
 
do
 
 
not
 
 
add 
 
indirect 
 
emissions 
 
associ
ated
 
 
with 
materials and processing ac
tivities relate
d 
to
 investments.
•
 
Emiss
ions related 
to
 
employ
ee commuting: 
99
% 
of
 our employees are 
from
 
local communities; 
thus, commuting 
is
 
not
 material.
•
 
Emiss
ions related 
to
 work from 
home
.
•
 
Emis
sions 
 
related
 
 
to
 
 
heating/cooling 
 
and
 
 
maintenanc
e 
 
of
 
 
rented 
offices 
not
 controlled 
by
 the company.
•
 
Processing 
 
of
 
 
sold 
 
g
oods:
 
 
We
 
 
have 
 
no
 
 
capacity 
 
to
 
 
estimate 
 
further 
processing 
of
 raw milk, flour products, i
nstant food,
 
poultry meat, etc.
•
 
GHG 
sequestration 
by
 
trees, 
g
roves, 
and 
other 
CO
2 
sinks 
not
 
used 
in
 
agriculture
.
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
I
 
V
 
:
 
 
 
G
 
H
 
G
 
 
I
 
N
 
V
 
E
 
N
 
T
 
O
 
R
 
Y
GRI: 30
5-
3 
12
5

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR
 ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IM
PACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
V 
E
 
U
 
 
 
T
 
A
 
X
 
O
 
N
 
O
 
M
 
Y
 
 
 
R
 
E
 
G
 
U
 
L
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
GRI: 2-
27
Overview 
of
 
the
 
alignmen
t w
ith 
the
 
EU
 Ta
xono
my Regulation.
 
The 
Europ
ean Union (EU) 
Taxonomy Regulation, (EU) 2
020/852, 
and 
the
 
delegate
d ac
ts adopted thereo
n (hereinafter -
 Taxonomy) 
is
 
a 
classific
ation system for envi
ronmen
tally 
sustainabl
e economic
 
activities, which aims 
to
 encourage p
rivate investment 
in
 activities contrib
uting 
to
 
the
 European Green Deal. The 
Taxonomy de
fines scientific 
evidence-based crit
eria for assessing 
the
 sustainabili
ty 
of
 activities and sets 
out
 report
ing obligations for companies.
Taxonomy-eligi
ble economic 
activities 
are 
defined 
as
 ac
tivitie
s d
escrib
ed 
in
 
the
 
delegated ac
ts 
of
 
the
 
Taxonomy Regulation, i.e. 
include
d 
in
 
the Ta
xonomy. Companies that ha
ve identified that their 
economic 
activity's revenue (Turnover), 
capital expenditure (
CapEx) 
and/or 
operating 
expenses (O
pEx) 
are 
related 
to
 
a 
taxonomy-eli
gible 
activity 
are 
required 
to
 
ca
rry 
out
 
an
 
analysis and 
disclose 
the
 
extent 
to
 
which 
their 
activity 
meets 
the 
Taxonomy
 
criteria 
in
 
relation 
to
 
these 
indicators. 
Taxonomy-aligned 
activities 
are 
those, 
that 
meet 
the
 technical 
analysis c
riteria
 listed 
in
 A
nnexes I a
nd 
II
 
of
 th
e De
legated Regulation (EU) 
2021/
2139, i.e. 
make 
a 
significant contribution 
to
 
at
 least 
one
 
of
 
the
 
six 
environmental objectives a
nd 
do
 
not
 s
ignifica
ntly
 harm 
the
 
other
 
five. 
At
 the time 
of
 writ
ing this 
overview, 
the
 significant contribution
 criteria ha
ve 
been
 adopt
ed for two 
of
 
the
 objecti
ves: climate cha
nge miti
gation and climate change 
adaptation.
In
 this o
verview, 
we
 present consolidated information 
on
 
the
 taxonomy-eligible activities 
of
 Linas A
gro Group 
AB
 togeth
er with its subsidiar
ies (hereinafter - 
the
 Group) and their compliance with the Taxonomy criteria 
by
 key performance indicators (Turnover, CapEx, 
OpEx). 
The 
information 
is
 
provided 
for 
the
 
f
inancial 
year 
2022-2023
 
(
herei
nafter 
–
 
FY
 
2022
-
202
3
),
 
starting 
on
 
1 
J
uly 
of
 
the
 
ca
lendar 
year 
and 
ending
 
on
 
30
 
June 
of
 
the
 
following 
calendar 
year. 
This 
overv
i
ew 
should 
be
 
read 
together 
with 
the
 
Group's 
annual 
financial statements. The
 Taxonomy assessment excl
udes revenues and expen
ses arising 
from transactions betwe
en Group companies.
We
 
note
 that certain t
erms and phrases 
in
 
the
 Taxonomy and it
s assoc
iated del
egated acts remain 
open
 
to
 various interpretations without off
icial clarification. 
In
 this overview, 
we
 prov
ide 
the
 calculated Taxono
my indicators and elucidate 
the
 interpretations applied 
to
 
meet Taxonomy 
req
uiremen
ts. 
It
 
is
 important 
to
 
note
 that future disclosures and 
the
 method
ology for calculating indi
cators 
may 
be
 adju
sted based 
on
 
potential
 
new
 official 
EU
 interpretation
s 
of
 
the
 Ta
xonomy
While there 
is
 
no
 c
omprehe
nsive 
Group-wide a
ssessment 
of
 
c
limate r
isks 
and v
ulnerabilities, certain 
companies 
within 
the
 
G
roup conduct 
ongoing a
ssessments and 
implement solutions 
to
 
address 
physical c
limate 
risks 
associated w
ith taxonomy-eligible a
ctivities. 
These effort
s a
re reflected
 
in
 
the
 Ta
xonomy assessmen
t results tables (
žr
. 
žemiau
).
ASSES
SMENT 
OF
 REVENUE 
IN
 ACCORDANCE WITH TA
XONOMY
. The
 Taxonomy ind
icator related 
to
 turnover 
is
 define
d 
in
 
point
 1.1.1 
of
 Annex I 
to
 
the
 Delegated Regul
ation (EU) 
2021
/
2178
.
The Group's main 
business 
segments (grain, 
oilseed and 
feed, products 
and serv
ices for 
farming, 
agricultural 
production, food p
roducts and
 others), from 
w
hich 
the
 
Group's companie
s der
ive their 
income, a
re 
not
 
included 
in
 
the
 Ta
xonomy 
at
 this date. 
Our a
nalysis 
has shown that only a small proportion (0.
54
%) 
of
 
the
 Group's revenue 
is
 taxonomy-eligible. The Group's 
taxonomy-eli
gible turnover 
includes revenues from 
the
  c
onstructi
on 
of
 
elevators, and eq
uipmen
t (7.1); ownership and 
leasing 
of
 
buildings
 
to
 third pa
rties (7.7); 
leasing 
of
 
freight 
transport 
by
 
road, 
sea 
and 
coastal 
wa
ter (6.6 
and 
6.
10
 
respectively). 
The 
numbers 
in
 
brac
kets 
next 
to
 
the
 
a
ctivities refer 
to
 
the
 
taxonomy-eligible 
activity 
number 
in
 
the
 
Delegated 
Regulation 
(EU) 2
021/2139 
setting 
out
 
the
 
criteria 
for 
technical
 
screening. The 
table 
„
ASS
ESSMEN
T 
OF
 REVENUE 
IN
 A
CCORDANCE WITH
 TAXONOMY
“
shows 
the
 de
tailed results 
of
 
the
 assessment 
of
 
the
 ta
xonomy-e
ligibl
e a
ctivities against 
the
 te
chnical screening criteria.
We
 
did
 
not
 
collect 
detailed 
data
 
on
 
Group 
companies' 
compliance 
wit
h 
the
 
Taxonomy 
criteria 
rega
rding rev
enues fr
om 
the
 
“construction
 
of
 
new
 
buildings”
 
and 
“acq
uisition
 
and 
ownership 
of
 
bu
ildings”
 
activities. 
These 
a
ctivities, c
onstit
uting 
only 
0.
01
% 
of
 
the
 
total 
revenue st
ream, are 
not
 part 
of
 
the
 Grou
p's targeted 
economic a
ctivitie
s and are 
thus
 deeme
d 
not
 ma
terial. 
We
 may 
ga
ther 
a
nd prese
nt 
this
 data 
in
 next year'
s reports, 
as
 necessary.
Our technical analysis has sh
own that 
the
 Group's current activities pa
rtially fulfil 
the
 Ta
xonomy criteria, resulting 
in
 
an
 overall assessment 
of
 
non
-alignment. Recognizing t
he high sustainability standards set 
by
 the Ta
xonomy crit
eria, 
we
 intend 
to
 explor
e possibilities 
for present
ing 
more detail
ed information
 
in
 
the
 future and enhancin
g 
our
 alignment with 
the
 Taxonomy crite
ria.
ASSESSMENT 
OF
 CA
PITAL EXPENDITURE 
(CAPEX) 
IN
 
ACCORDANCE 
WITH 
TAXONOMY
.
 
The 
Taxonomy 
indicator 
related 
to
 
ca
pital 
expenditure
 
is
 
def
ined 
in
 
p
oint 
1.1.2 
of
 
A
nnex I 
to
 
the
 
De
legated 
Regulation 
(EU) 
2021
/
2178
.
A 
significant proportion 
of
 
the
 G
roup's ca
pital expenditure 
(
33
.2
%) 
relates 
to
 
the
 
purchase 
of
 
output
 
from 
Taxonomy-aligned economic a
ctiv
itie
s a
nd individual 
measures 
enabling 
the
 
target 
activities 
to
 
become
 
low
-c
arbon 
or
 
to
 lead 
to
 
greenhouse ga
s red
uctions. 
The 
Group's 
expendit
ure 
that 
is
 
taxonomy
-eligi
ble 
is
 
related 
to
 
the
 
acquisition 
of
 
real 
estate 
(7.7
),
 
the
 
constructio
n 
of
 
new
 
non
-residential 
buil
dings 
(7.1
),
 
the
 
purchase 
of
 
cars 
and 
trucks 
(
6.5 a
nd 
6.6, 
respect
ively
), 
and 
the
 
installation
 
of
 
a 
new
 
solar 
photo
voltaic 
power 
plant 
 
(7.6). 
 
The 
 
numbers 
 
in
 
 
brack
ets 
 
next 
 
to
 
 
the
 
 
a
ctivitie
s 
 
refer 
 
to
 
 
the
 
 
taxonomy-eli
gible 
 
activity 
 
number 
in
 
 
the
 
 
Delegated 
 
Regulation 
(EU) 
 
2021/2
139 
 
setting 
 
out
 
 
the
 
 
criteria 
 
for 
 
technical 
 
scree
ning. 
 
The 
 
table
 
 
„
ASSES
SMEN
T 
OF
 
CAPITAL 
EXPENDITURE (CAPEX) 
IN
 ACCORDANCE WITH TAXONOMY
“ 
shows 
the
 detailed results 
of
 
the
 assessment 
of
 
the
 taxonomy-eligib
le activities a
gainst 
the
 t
echnical screenin
g criteria.
The Taxonomy CapEx indicator encompasses 
only
 those 
buildings
 a
nd structures that were 
finalized and officially registered 
in
 
the
 
real estate register within 
the
 reporting period (covering 
expense
s incurred dur
ing 
the
 financial 
year). This includes a
ll residenti
al a
nd 
non
-resident
ial 
buildings
 
a
nd 
structures, 
as
 we
ll 
as
 constructi
on works 
of
 exceptional significance a
nd 
simple
 construction 
works related 
to
 reside
ntial 
and 
non
-re
sidenti
al 
buildings a
nd structu
res, 
as
 defi
ned 
by
 
the
 Republi
c 
of
 Lithuania's Law 
on
 Con
struction.
Our technical analysis has sh
own that 
the
 Group's current activities pa
rtially fulfil 
the
 Ta
xonomy criteria, resulting 
in
 
an
 overall assessment 
of
 
non
-alignment. Recognizing t
he high sustainability standards set 
by
 the Ta
xonomy crit
eria, 
we
 intend 
to
 explor
e possibilities 
for present
ing 
more detail
ed information
 
in
 
the
 future and enhancin
g 
our
 alignment with 
the
 Taxonomy crite
ria.
ASSES
SMENT 
OF
 OPERATING
 COSTS (OPEX) 
IN
 ACCORDANCE WITH TA
XONOMY
.
Operating costs (OpEx) are defined 
in
 
the
 Taxonomy regulation 
as
 di
rect 
non
-ca
pitalised
 costs that relate 
to
 research and development, building re
novation measures, short-term lease, mainten
ance and repair, and any 
other
 direct expenditures relating 
to
 
the
 day-
to
-
day servicing 
of
 
assets 
of
 
property, plant 
and equipment 
by
 
the undertak
ing 
or
 
third party 
to
 
whom a
ctivities are 
outsourced that a
re necess
ary 
to
 ensure 
the
 
continued and 
effective functioning 
of
 
such assets. 
The ac
countin
g system 
currently
 u
sed 
by
 
the
 Grou
p 
is
 
not
 a
dapted 
to
 exclude data a
ccording 
to
 
the
 definition 
of
 Ta
xonomy OpEx. 
The specific data
 
is
 
therefore unavailable and 
is
 
not
 
provided 
in
 this overview. 
Looking ahead, 
we
 plan 
to
 
better
 
prepare and 
pro
vide 
at
 least 
the
 
most significant data 
for this indicator 
in
 
our
 
future reports.
MINIMUM
 
SAFEGUARDS
.
According 
to
 
the
 Taxonomy
, economic activities shoul
d 
only
 
qualify 
as
 environmentall
y sustainable 
where 
they
 are 
carried 
out
 
in
 a
lignme
nt with 
the
 
OECD Guidel
ines for 
Multinational Enterprises and 
UN
 
Guiding Principles 
on
 Business a
nd Human Right
s, including 
the
 declara
tion 
on
 Fundamental Principles and 
Rights 
at
 Work 
of
 
the
 Inte
rnational Labour 
Organisation (ILO), 
the
 eight fundamental convent
ions 
of
 
the
 
ILO a
nd 
the
 International Bill 
of
 
Human 
Rights.
 
We
 have assessed 
our
 
Group's c
ompliance with this requirement
 
against 
the
 
F
inal 
Report 
on
 
Minimum 
Safeguards 
2022 
of
 
the 
EU
 
Pla
tform 
on
 
Sustainable 
Finance. 
A
ccording 
to
 
this 
report,
 
the
 
Group 
h
as 
implemented
 
m
inimum sa
feguards; 
how
ever, 
during 
the
 
r
eporting 
period, 
one
 
accident 
occurred 
at
 
the
 
Gro
up's compan
y 
Vilniaus 
Paukštynas
 
AB
 and a 
violation 
of
 
the
 Repu
blic 
of
 Lithuania Law 
on
 Safety and Health 
at
 
Work was recorded (for more info
rmation, please refer 
to
 
the
 section 
of
 the sustainability report title
d "Socia
l impacts. Good he
alth and well-being"
). Hence, 
we
 evaluate 
compliance with
 this Ta
xonomy 
requiremen
t 
as
 partially met. 
We
 are commit
ted 
to
 advancing 
a
nd broadening
 
the
 impleme
ntation 
of
 
the
 Group's good governance 
practices and 
policie
s, 
including 
the
 channels for reporting 
potential
 
breaches.
12
6

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR
 ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IM
PACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
V
 
:
 
E
 
U
 
 
 
T
 
A
 
X
 
O
 
N
 
O
 
M
 
Y
 
 
 
R
 
E
 
G
 
U
 
L
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
GRI: 2-
27
Assessment 
of revenue in acc
ordance wit
h Taxono
my
 
2022/2023
Substant
ial contrib
ution
criteria
Do no signif
icant
 harm cri
teria
Economic 
act
ivity
NACE 
code(s)
Absolute 
revenue 
2022
-
2023
Proportio
n 
of revenue
2022
-
2023
Climate 
change
mitigat
ion
Climate 
change 
adapta
tion
Climat
e 
chang
e 
mitigat
ion
Climate 
change 
adapta
tio
n
Water 
and 
marine 
resource
s
Circular 
economy
Pollution
Biodiversit
y and
ecosystem
s
Minimum
safeguards
Taxono
my
-
aligned
propor
tion of 
revenue
2022
-
2023
Category 
(enabling)
Category
(transit
ional)
thousand Eur
%
%
%
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
%
E
T
A. Taxonomy
-eligible act
ivity:
A.1. Environmentally sustainable act
ivities 
(Taxo
nomy
-aligned)
Revenue of
 e
nvironmenta
lly sust
ainable activ
ities 
(Taxonomy
-aligned) (A.1)
0
0%
0%
A.2. Taxonomy
-eligible but not enviro
nmentally sustaina
ble activit
ies (not Tax
onomy-aligned 
activ
ities)
7.1
. 
Construc
tion of new 
build
ings
68.
2
7,73
6
0.38%
n/a
1
n/a
1
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
7.7.
 
Acquisition a
nd ownership of build
ings
41.2
165
0.01%
n/a
1
n/a
1
n/a
1
n/a
1
N
6.6.
 
Freight transpo
rt services 
by road
49.4
1
2,75
7
0.14%
0.40
%
0.15
%
N
N
N
N
N
6.10
. 
S
ea and
 coastal freight water tr
ansport, 
vessels fo
r port
 operatio
ns and auxiliary activit
ies
50.2
216
0.01%
100%
0%
Y
N
Y
Y
Y
N
N
Revenue of
 Taxonomy
-eligible
but not
 e
nvironmenta
lly susta
inable activ
ities (not 
Taxono
my
-aligned activities)
(A.2)
10,8
74
0.54%
Tota
l: A.1 + A.2
10,8
74
0.54%
B. Taxo
nomy
-non-eligible activit
ies
Revenue of
 Taxonomy
-non-eligible activit
ies (B)
2,00
1,944
99.46%
TOTA
L: A + B
2,01
2,818
100 %
Notes: 
1 
Not all acc
urate informa
tion is availabl
e, so a definitive assessment 
is 
not pr
ovided.
127

INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR
 ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IM
PACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
V
 
:
 
E
 
U
 
 
 
T
 
A
 
X
 
O
 
N
 
O
 
M
 
Y
 
 
 
R
 
E
 
G
 
U
 
L
 
A
 
T
 
I
 
O
 
N
GRI: 2-
27
Substantial contr
ibution
criteria
Do no significant
 harm cr
iteria
Economic 
act
ivity
NACE code(s)
Absolute 
Taxono
my 
CapEx in 
2022
-
2023
Propor
tion 
of tax
onomy 
CapEx 
2022
-
2023
Climate 
change 
mitigat
ion
Climate 
change
adapta
tion
Climate 
change 
mitigat
ion
Climate 
change
adapta
tion
Water and 
marine 
resources
Circular 
economy
Pollution
Biodiversity 
and
ecosystems
Minimum
safeguard
s
Taxono
my
-
aligned
propor
tion 
of 
Taxono
my 
CapEx 
2022
-
2023
Category 
(enabling)
Category
(transitio
nal)
thousand 
Eur
%
%
%
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
Y/N
%
E
T
A. Taxonomy
-eligible act
ivity:
A.1. Environmentally sustainable act
ivities 
(Taxo
nomy
-aligned)
Taxono
my 
CapEx 
of environmentall
y sustainable 
activ
ities (Tax
onomy
-aligned) (A.1
)
0
0%
0%
A.2. Taxonomy
-eligible but not enviro
nmentally sustaina
ble activit
ies (not Tax
onomy-aligned 
activ
ities)
7.7.
 
Acquisition a
nd ownership of build
ings
L68
2,19
0
4.83
%
25.2
%
36.4
%
N
N
N
7.1
. 
Construc
tion of new 
build
ings
F41.
1, 
F41
.2, 
F43
7,59
6
16.
74%
0%
6.1
%
N
N
N
N
N
N
N
6.5.
 
Transport
 by motorbikes, p
assenger cars 
and light commercial 
vehicles
H49.
39, 
N77
.11
3,73
5
8.23
%
12.2
%
44.9
%
N
N
n/a
1
n/a
1
N
6.6.
 
Freight transpo
rt services 
by road
H49.
4.1, 
N77
.1.2
1,38
1
3.04
%
37.9
%
43.7
%
N
N
n/a
1
N
N
7.6.
 
Installat
ion, maintenance and repair of 
renewable energy 
technol
ogies
F42, F43, 
M71, C16, 
C17, C22
, 
C23, C25, 
C27, C28
174
0.3
8%
100%
0%
Y
N
N
Taxono
my CapEx 
of Tax
onomy
-eligible but not 
environmentally sustain
able activit
ies (not
 
Taxo
nomy
-aligned activit
ies)
(A.2)
15,0
76
33.
23%
Tota
l: A.1 + A.2
15,0
76
33.2
3%
B. Taxo
nomy
-non-eligible activit
ies
Taxono
my 
CapEx of Taxono
my-non-eligible 
activit
ies (B)
30,2
93
66.7
7%
TOTA
L: A + B
45,3
69
100%
Assessment 
of capit
al expenditure (CapEx) in acc
ordance with Tax
onomy, 2022/2
023
Notes: 
1 
Not all acc
urate informa
tion is availabl
e, so a definitive assessment 
is 
not pr
ovided.
12
8

Disclosure 
number
Disclosure Title 
and Description
Sector 
standard
Page(
s)/value
Statement o
f use
AB Lin
as Agro Group 
has rep
orted the info
rmation cited in this GRI content
 index for the p
eriod July 1, 2022
 
– 
Jun 96,  202
3
 
with accordance to the
 GRI Standards.
GRI 1 used
GRI 1: Foundatio
n 202
1
Applicable GRI 
Sector standards
GRI 13
: 
Agriculture, Aquaculture and 
Fishing
Sectors 20
22
The organization 
and its reporting 
practices
2-1
 
Organizational details
 
2, 78, 8
1, 50, 84, 67-
73
2-2
 
Entiti
es 
included
 in the organization’s 
sustainabil
ity reporting
 
78,50
, 67-73, 
121
2-3
 
Reporting p
eriod, frequency and contact poi
nt
 
78
2-4
 
Restatements of i
nformation
 
78
2-5
 
External assurance
 
78
Activities and w
orkers
2-6
 
Activities, value 
chain and othe
r business relationships
 
80, 81
, 9, 93 
– 
99,  115, 117, 122
2-7
 
Employe
es
 
80
2-8
 
Workers who are not empl
oyees
 
13.21
.2
Governance
2-9
 
Governance stru
cture and composition
 
61
-
64
2-
10
 
Nomination and se
lection
 
of the high
est governance 
body
 
61
-
64
2-
11
 
Chair of the
 highest governance 
body
 
2, 3, 61
-
64
2-
12
 
Role of the
 highest
 governance body i
n overseein
g the mana
gement 
of imp
acts
 
2, 3, 78
, 
2-
13
 
Delegati
on of respon
sibil
ity 
for ma
naging 
impacts
 
85, 8
7,
2-
14
 
Role of the
 highest
 governance body i
n sustainabil
ity reporting
 
78,
2-
15
 
Confli
cts 
of interest
 
56
-
60
2-
16
 
Communi
cation of critical 
concerns
 
Directly. No critical concerns were reported
2-
17
 
Colle
ctive k
nowle
dge of the highe
st governance 
body
 
61
-64, 66
2-
18
 
Evaluation of the
 performance of the
 highest
 governance body
 
61
-
64
2-
19
 
Remuneration p
olicies
https:
//www.lin
asagrogroup.lt/en
/sustainabil
ity/corp
orate-social-responsibility-policy-2/remuneration-p
olicy/
2-
20
 
Process to det
ermine remuneration
2-
21
 
Annual total compen
sation ratio
 
6
Strategy, policie
s 
and practices
2-
22
 
Statement on
 sustainable developme
nt strategy
 
2, 3, 79
, 86, 88 
– 
91, 
2-
23
 
Policy commitments
 
88 
– 
91, 11
4, 118, 42 
- 
47
2-
24
 
Embeddi
ng policy commitments
 
82,  83
, 85, 86, 87, 88 
– 
92,  93,  94,  95,  96
,  97,  110-11
7, 
42-
47
2-
25
 
Processes to remediate ne
gative imp
acts
 
82, 83
, 87, 107, 110, 112, 113, 115-
116
2-
26
 
Mechanisms for seeking advice and 
raising concerns
 
82, 87
2-
27
 
Compl
iance with laws and 
regulatio
ns
 
127
-
129
2-
28
 
Membership associations      
 
 
 
 
 
117
Stake
holder engagement 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2-
29
 
Approach to
 stakeholder engagement
 
82, 88
, 93,  94,  95,  96
,  97,  112-115
, 
117
, 42 
- 
47
2-
30
 
Colle
ctive barga
ining agreemen
ts   
 
 
 
 
n/a
Disclosures on materia
l topics
3-1
 
Process to det
ermine material topics
 
1
3.1.1
 
82
, 83, 85
3-2
 
List of material top
ics
 
85, 92
3-3
 
Management 
of material topics
 
13
.3.1, 13.4.1 
13.5.1
,13.6.2
2, 3, 83
, 86-92
, 
93,  94,  95,  9
6,  97-118, 42-
47
Economic Performance 201
6
GRI 20
1:1
 
Direct economic value gen
erated and 
distrib
uted
 
13.22
.2
 
80, 98
,  120
GRI 20
1:2
 
Financial impli
cations and other risks and oppo
rtuniti
es 
due to 
climate change
 
13.2.2, 13.22.3
 
103 
GRI 20
1:3
 
De
fined
 benefit plan ob
ligation
s 
andother reti
rement plans
 
n/a
GRI 20
1:4 
 
Financial a
ssistance received fro
m government 
 
80
, 120
Market Presence 2016
GRI 20
2:1
 
Ratios of standard 
entry level wage by 
gend
er compared to l
ocal minimum wage
 
n/a
GRI 20
2:2
 
Proporti
on of senior ma
nagement 
hired from the local community
 
98%
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
VI
:
 
 
 
G
 
R
 
I
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
D
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
T
 
A
 
B
 
L
 
E
129

Indirect Econ
omic Imp
acts 2
016
GRI 203:
1
 
Infrastructure investments and 
services supported
 
13.22
.3
 
2, 3, 90, 9
8-
100,
GRI 203:
2
 
Signifi
cant indirect economic impacts
 
13.22
.4
 
110, 116
Procurement Prac
tices 201
6
GRI 204:
1
 
Proporti
on of spendin
g on local 
suppl
iers
 
78.5%
Anti-corruption 201
6
GRI 205:
1
 
Operations assessed for risks related to corruption
 
13.26
.2
 
none
GRI 205:
2
 
Commun
ication and trainin
g a
bout 
a
nti-corruptio
n 
policies and procedu
res
 
1
3.26
.3
 
yes
GRI 205:
3
 
Confi
rmed incidents of corruption and actions taken
 
13.26
.4
 
none
Anti-competitive Behavior 20
1
6
GRI 206:
1
 
Legal action
s for anti-competitive behavior, 
anti-trust, and mo
nopoly
 prac
tices
 
13.25.2
 
none
Tax 20
19
4
GRI 207
:1
 
Approach t
o tax
 
9
GRI 20
7:2
 
Tax 
governance, 
cont
rol, and risk manageme
nt
 
42
-
47
GRI 207
:3
 
Stakeholder e
ngagement and 
management 
of concerns related to
 tax
 
No specific approach, same 
as other concerns
GRI 207
:4
 
Coun
try-
by
-country
 reporting
 
117
Materials 
201
6
GRI 301:
1
 
Materials used by
 weight or volume
 
80, 106, 120
GRI 301:
2
 
Recycled in
put materials use
 
80, 108
GRI 301:
3
 
Reclaimed produ
cts and thei
r pac
kaging 
materials
 
108
Use of pesticides
 
13.6.2
 
105
Energy 2
016
GRI 302:
1
 
Energy con
sumptio
n within 
the organization
 
80,10
1, 
123
, 124, 
125
GRI 302:
2
 
Energy con
sumptio
n outside of the organization
 
1
01,  123
, 125
GRI 302:
3
 
Energy i
ntensi
ty
 
90, 10
1, 
 
GRI 302:
4
 
Reduction
 of energy
 consumption
 
89, 10
0, 
 1
01,  
GRI 302:
5
 
Reduction
s in energy requireme
nts of products and services
 
89, 10
0, 
 1
01
Water and Effluents 
2
01
8
GRI 303:
1
 
Interactions with water as a 
shared resource
 
13.7.2
 
107
GRI 303:
2
 
Management 
of 
water discharge-related impacts
 
13.7.3
 
107
GRI 303:
3
 
Water wi
thdrawal
 
13.7.4
 
107
GRI 303
:4
 
Water 
disch
arge
 
13.7
.5
 
107
GRI 303:
5
 
Water consu
mption
 
13.7.6
 
107
Biodiversity 2
016
GRI 304:
1
Operational sites owne
d, leased, managed 
in, or adjacent to
, protected
 areas and areas of 
high bi
odiversity
 
value out
side protected areas
13.3.2
 
none
GRI 304:
2
 
Signifi
cant impacts of ac
tivities, p
roducts, and services on
 biodi
versity
 
13.3.3
 
105
GRI 304:
3
 
Habitats pro
tected or restored
 
13.3.4
 
none
GRI 304:
4
 
IUCN Red List sp
ecies and nation
al conservation list species with habitats in areas 
affected by op
erations
13.3.5
 
none
GRI13 
 
Natural ecosystem con
version
 
13.4
 
none
Animal 
welfare
Animal health and 
welfare standards
 
13.11.2
 
95, 40
Emissions 
20
16
GRI 305:
1
 
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emission
s
 
13.1.2
 
80, 88
-90, 95, 
102
,  104 
, 1
20, 123, 124
GRI 305:
2
 
Energy i
ndirect (Scope 2) GHG emissio
ns
 
13.1
.3
 
102,  104 , 120, 124
GRI 305:
3
 
Other in
direct (
Scope 
3) GHG emissio
ns
 
13.1
.4
 
102,  104 , 120, 125, 126
GRI 305:
4
 
GHG emissi
ons 
inten
sity
 
13.1.5
 
102
,  104 , 120
GRI 305:
5
 
Reduction
 of GHG emissions
 
13.1.6
 
89
-9
0, 
102
,  104
GRI 305:
6
 
Emissio
ns 
of ozone-
depleting substa
nces 
(O
DS)
 
1
3.1.7
 
102,  104
GRI 305:
7
 
Nitrogen oxide
s (NO
x), sulfu
r
 
oxides (SOx), and othe
r significant air emissions
 
13
.1.8
 
115
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
VI
:
 
 
 
G
 
R
 
I
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
D
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
T
 
A
 
B
 
L
 
E
Disclosure 
number
Disclosure Title 
and Description
Sector 
standard
Page(
s)/value
13
0

GRI: 102:55
Environmental compliance
GRI 30
7:1
 
Non
-compliance
 with environ
mental laws and regul
ations
 
none
Supplie
r Environmental Assessment 
2016
GRI 30
8:1
 
New
 suppl
iers that were screene
d using environment
al criteria
 
Limited
 to foo
d ingre
dient
s, 
GRI 30
8:2
 
Negative 
environmen
tal impacts in the supply
 cha
in and 
actions taken
 
none
Employment 201
6
GRI 40
1:1
 
New empl
oyee hires and employe
e
s 
turnover
 
111
GRI 40
1:2
 
Bene
fits provided to full-time emplo
yees that are no
t provided
 to temporary or parttime 
employ
ees
111
GRI 40
1:3
 
Parental leave
 
111
Food 
safety
GRI13
 
Food loss and p
roduct recalls
 
13.10
.2
 
110
, 112
Labor/Management Relations 
2016
GRI 40
2:1
 
Minimum n
otice periods regarding operation
al cha
nges
 
In line
 with local regulations
Occupational
 
Health and 
Saf
ety 2
018
GRI 40
3:1
 
Occupational health
 and safety management 
system
 
13.19
.2
 
113
GRI 40
3:2
 
Hazard ident
ification, risk a
ssessment, and i
ncident
 investigation
 
1
3.19.3
 
113
GRI 40
3:3
 
Occupational health
 services
 
1
3.19.4
 
113
GRI 40
3:4
 
Worker participation, con
sultation, and communi
cation on occupational health
 and safety
 
13.1
9.5
 
113
GRI 40
3:5
 
Worker training on o
ccupational health and safety
 
13.19
.6
 
113
GRI 40
3:6
 
Promo
tion
 of worker health
 
13.1
9.7
 
87, 113
 
GRI 40
3:7
 
Preventio
n and mitigatio
n of occupational health and 
safety impacts di
rectly linked by
busine
ss 
relationship
s
13.19
.8
 
113
GRI 40
3:8
 
Workers covered by an 
occupation
al health and safety management 
system
 
13.19
.9
 
113 All
GRI 40
3:9
 
Work-related inju
ries
 
13.19
.10
 
80, 113, 120
GRI 40
3:10
 
Work-related ill health
 
13.19
.11
 
113
Training 
and Education 
201
6
GRI 40
4:1
 
Average 
hours of training per year per e
mployee
114
GRI 40
4:2
 
Programs for upgrading emp
loyee
 sk
ills and transition
 a
ssistance programs
114
GRI 40
4:3
Percentage of empl
oyees receiving regul
ar performance a
nd 
career developme
nt 
reviews
114
Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 2
016
GRI 40
5:1
 
Diversity
 of governance bodi
es and employees
 
13
.15.2
 
61
-64, 
111
GRI 40
5:2
 
Ratio 
of basic sa
lary 
and remuneration
 of women to men
 
13.15.3
 
No basic sa
lary across the Group
Di
fferences
 
in emp
loymen
t terms and approach to comp
ensation based 
on workers’
nationality
 or migrant status, by l
ocation of operation
s
13.15
.5
Non-discrimination 
201
6
GRI 40
6:1
 
Inciden
ts of discrimination
 
and corrective actions taken
13.1
5.4
 
None
Freedom of Association 
and Collecti
ve
 
Bargaining 2
016
GRI 40
7:1
Operation
s and supp
liers in which the ri
ght to freedo
m of associatio
n and col
lective 
bargaining may b
e at ri
sk
13.1
8.2
 
No cases identifi
ed
Child Labor
 
2016
GRI 40
8:1
 
Operations a
nd 
suppli
ers 
at significant risk for incident
s 
of child la
bor
 
13.17.2
 
No cases identified
Forced or Compulsory Labor 
2016
GRI 40
9:1
 
Operations and 
suppli
ers 
at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory
 
labor
 
13.16
.2
 
none
S
ecurity Practice
s 2
016
GRI 41
0:1
 
Securit
y personnel trained in human right
s policie
s 
or procedures
 
n/a
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
VI
:
 
 
 
G
 
R
 
I
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
D
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
T
 
A
 
B
 
L
 
E
Waste 2
020
GRI 306:
1
 
Water di
scharge by quality and de
stination
 
13.8.2
 
107
GRI 306:
2
 
Waste by
 type and
 disposal method
 
13.8.3
 
80, 1
08, 120
GRI 306:
3
 
Signifi
cant spills
 
13.8.4
GRI 306:
4
 
Transport of hazardous waste
 
13.8.5
 
third party
GRI 306:
5
 
Water bo
dies affected by water di
scharges a
nd/or 
runoff
 
13.8.6
 
none
Disclosure 
number
Disclosure Title 
and Description
Sector 
standard
Page(
s)/value
13
1

Local Communities 
2016
GRI 413:
1
 
Operations with local community e
ngagement, 
impact assessments, and 
develo
pment
programs
13.1
2.2
 
109
GRI 413:
2
 
Operations with significant actual and 
potential nega
tive impac
ts on loca
l c
ommunities
13.1
2.3
 
n/a
Land 
and resoure rights
GR1#
 
L
ocations of op
erations, where
 land and natural resource rights may be
 affected by th
e 
organization’s ope
rations.
13.1
2.2
Number, size in
 hectares, and location o
f operations where violations of land and 
natural
resource rights occurred and the group
s ofrightshol
ders
 
affected.
13.1
3.3
Supplier so
cial assess
ment
GRI 414:
1
 
New suppl
iers that were screened using social criteria 
Food ingredients
GRI 414:
2
 
Negative so
cial impacts in the supp
ly chain and actions t
ake
n/a
Public 
Policy 201
6
GRI 415:
1
 
Politi
cal c
ontrib
utions
13.2
4.2
 
n/a
Custom
er Health and 
Safety 2016
GRI 416:
1
 
Assessment of the he
alth and 
safety impacts of prod
uct and service categories
GRI 416
:2
Inciden
ts of non-compl
iance concernin
g the h
ealth and safet
y impacts o
f product
s and 
services
none
Marketing and Labelling 
201
6
GRI 417
:1
 
Require
ments fo
r product and se
rvice informati
on and l
abeling
119
GRI 417:
2
Incident
s of non-compliance concerning produ
ct a
nd 
service

information a
nd 
labelin
g
None
GRI 417:
3
 
Inciden
ts of non-compliance concerning marketing communicatio
ns
None
Custom
er Privacy 
201
6
GRI 418:
1
 
Substanti
ated complaints concernin
g breaches of customer privacy and l
osses of 
customer data
none
Socioeconomic 
comp
liance
GRI 419:
1
 
Non-compli
ance with laws 
and re
gulations in the social and econ
omic area 
none
INTRODUCTION
 
SUSTAINABILTY AGENDA
 
OUR ACTIVITIES
 
ECONOMIC IMPACTS
 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
IMPACTS
 
SOCIAL IMPACTS
 
GOVERNANCE
 
ANNEXES
A
 
N
 
N
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
VI
:
 
 
 
G
 
R
 
I
 
 
 
I
 
N
 
D
 
E
 
X
 
 
 
T
 
A
 
B
 
L
 
E
Human rights 
assessment
GRI 412:
1
 
Operations that 
have bee
n subje
ct to human righ
ts reviews or impact a
ssessments
 
none
GRI 412:
2
 
Employ
ee training on hu
man rights policies or procedure
s
 
Informal
GRI 412
:3
Significant investment
 agreements and contracts that 
incl
ude human rights clauses or 
that 
unde
rwent human righ
ts screening
Rights 
of In
digenous 
Peoples 
201
6
GRI 411:
1
 
Inciden
ts of violations involving rights of indi
genous peopl
es
 
13.14
.2
 
n/a
Locations of operatio
ns where indige
nous peoples are present or affected by 
activities of 
the 
organization.
13.14
.3
Seeking fre
e, prior, and 
informe
d
 
consent (FPIC
) fro
m indi
genou
s 
peopl
es
 
13.14.4
Disclosure 
number
Disclosure Title 
and Description
Sector 
standard
Page(
s)/value
13
2

